    k"Huh, so you've got your eyes on her then?"
    a"Oh ---uhh no, she just ummm..."
    k"Go ahead be honest."
    a"No, I just think I know her from somewhere, I can't remember though."
    a"Do you know her name?"
    k"I don't know her by name but I know she's a member of the student council."
    a"Hmm, know anything else?"
    k"I'm not gonna lie, I really don't know all that much about a lot of the people at our school, I just happened to see that girl walking into the student council room the other day."
    k"But apart from that I've got nothing else to tell you about her."
    "Despite that clue I still have no idea who this person is."
    "I guess her name will come to me soon enough."
    
    "It seems I was wrong when I doubted Kenta's navigational skills, we walk together straight through the empty school gates but still no one is around."
    "Everyone's probably in class already."
    k"Alright man, nice meeting you, I'll catch you later."
    a"Ah yeah, bye Kenta."
    "Kenta just rushes off to class leaving me lost and confused."
    "I don't even know what each building is used for here."
    "With not many options left the only thing I can do is search for the administration office and see if they can help."
    "The only problem is most of the buildings around here look the same, none of them seem to have been built recently but they don't look especially old either."
    "I've only ever seen the school from a far when I was a child and I'd sometimes walk past here during the day."
    "The inside is pretty different from what I expected though. As I wonder around this place begins to grow more and more on me, rubbing its familiar feel off on me."
    "Judging from the sizes of the buildings I can only guess the largest one is for the regular non-specialised classes, with three stories for the three year groups."
    "There's a smaller building connected to the large one but it's hard to tell whether it's an entrance hall or administration. It's worth a look in any case."
    "Since I'm probably the only one out of class at the moment so I carefully push the door forward, ready to pull back at any moment, incase I'm not supposed to be here."
    "I peek curiously through the gap in the doorway, it looks empty just like the rest of the school right now."
    "I step through laying at least a part of my worries to rest as I continue my search."
    "The hallway splits off into a few doorways with a staircase going upward at the end of it."
    "Judging from the noise levels this place seems like it was probably an old classroom building, repurposed for some other use."
    "This place doesn't look like administration to me but it can't hurt ot search around a little more, especially since this place seems empty."
    "I peer in through the window in one of the doors branching from the main hall."
    "It looks like a mostly empty classroom apart from a few shelves and a tea set"
    "It looks like it hasn't been touched much for a while"
    "There are just a few chairs and tables stacked in the corner, along with one table in the centre with a chair on each side."
    "What could that be used for? It doesn't look like this place has been used at all for a long time."
    "I open the door and I'm welcomed by the smell of damp dust."
    "This door isn't locked either surpisingly."
    "It really hasn't been lived in or had any sunglight for a long time"
    "I step inside the darkroom and pace toward the other side where the curtains hang."
    "I cast them aside allowing the sunlight to pour through onto every part of the room."
    "I turn around to see the once dark room brighten up around me, all of its features are obvious now."
    "----woah what?"
    "There's a girl sitting down at the table in the center of the room."
    "Her silver hair and violet eyes glisten in the suns rays as she sits at the table dilegently, not paying attention to anything, not especially surprised by my actions."
    "I could've sworn there was no one in here before I opened these curtains."
    "Maybe it was a little too dark to see...."
    a"Hello, excuse me, I'm sorry for intruding."
    "The silver haired girl seems unimpressed, she turns her head toward me with a completely blank face, devoid of all expression."
    h"Hello."
    "Her neck and a part of her lower face is covered in what I can only guess are burn scars, I've only seen pictures of them before but they match what I've seen, vein like sections of the skin raised out in a sea of red scarred tissue."
    "I step back as she stares at me, obviously aware of my reaction to the scarring."
