    "The light is blinding."
    "I struggle to open my eyes, and end up squinting instead."
    "...Hmm"
    "Thump!"
    “I feel something strange on my head, like a weight has just been dropped on it, but the feeling disappears after a few moments.”
    “—Thump"
    “There it is again.”
    “Thump—”
    "...Come on, I just got here... I don't want to go to school yet..."
    "--Thump"
    "I spent all of last night moving all of my stuff to this place."
    "Thump--"
    "It doesn't seem like it cares whether or not I deserve more sleep..."
    "Thump--thump"
    "I can't be late on my first day though... what a pain."
    "Guess I have no choice."
    "Thump, thump, THUMP!"
    a"Ow ow oowwww Hey knock it off already!"

    "I open my eyes completely, finding myself in an unfamiliar room with a throbbing forehead."
    “While I feel like I may just have got a concussion, I'm now fully awake.”
    "I have to remind myself where I am." /p "That this is my new home."
    "As of today I officially live here at this dormitory."
    "----a fist comes rushing toward my head without warning."
    "I instinctively lift up my arm to block it."
    "In my sleepy daze I manage to deflect it, instead of hitting my face, the fist lands on my pillow."
    a"Hey come on, I'm up---I'm up you see! All awake now!"
    k"Good morning."
    "I look up at the tall guy looming over my bed."
    "He's already dressed in my new school's uniform."
    "It's hard for me to remember when my head's all beaten up but I'm pretty sure this guy is my roommate, his name was Kenta I think."
    “I only met him briefly last night before going to bed, for some reason he got back pretty late.”
    "I can only hope he isn't like this every morning."
    k"Come on then, we don't have much time."
    k"You needed a wake-up call so I provided, considering that it's your first day."
    k"I wouldn't mind much if you missed out though, you can always have your first day tomorrow, or the next day, or the next."
    k"But I still wouldn't leave it too long, at that rate you'd never finish high school."
    "I'm not entirely following this guy, I'm not sure if he's being serious or not but I don't think it's safe to ask."
    "I search the room for my clothes, I don't have time for a shower or breakfast."
    "My suitcase is to the side of the clothes draw, last night I didn't get enouh time to finish unpacking everything so my uniform should be in here somewh--"
    "--All of my clothes are gone."
    a"Hey you don't happen to know what happened to my clothes do you?"
    "Seemingly focused on something else Kenta just stares off into the distance."
    a"Hey Kenta, you alright?"
    k"Oh you were talking to me?"
    "There's no one else in the room…”
    “…oh well."
    a"Yeah do you know where my clothes are?"
    k"Oh those things, yes I do know what happened to those. Last night I woke up in the middle of the night to use the bathroom and saw your clothes lying about next to the draws so I figured I should sort them out, it got to me you know?"
    a"Ok so where are they?"
    k"I organised them."
    "I check my draws, they're not there."
    a"Where?"
    k"Oh they're not over there, they're in these draws. I had to colour code them together or else there wouldn't be enough space."
    a"Huh?"
    k"I said they're in these draws, on this side, I had to colour code them together or else there wouldn't be enough space."
    a"No, no I got that part."
    a"But why did you mix my clothes with yours, that is your side isn’t it?”
    k"Like I said, there wouldn't be enough space."
    a"But I have an entire side over here, completely empty."
    k"Oh sorry, I forgot you didn't already know.”
    k"Allow me to explain, before you got here I was alone in this room."
    k"And that space over there is for my collections, I've got some pretty cool stuff you know?"
    k"I had to make some sacrifices by making some room in the clothes draws, and I even gave up a collection draw for your stuff."
    k"Don't worry, I understand how much space one man can need for his things."
    "I quickly pull open the other 3 draws on my side, they're full of displays, fit with individual coins in each section."
    "This guy has to be joking right?"
    "Collecting coins has been a dead hobby for decades."
    "And even back then it was lame."
    k"You seem to have taken a interest in the 1956 set, a very keen eye you have there."
    k"I can tell you a bit about those if you like, you see the metal composition of coins in the---"
    a"No. Stop please, Kenta. Just tell me some other time."
    a"I need my uniform right now or else we'll both be late."
    k"Ah don't worry about finding that, I've got you covered friend."
    "He pulls out my uniform from the draw labelled 'darks'."
    k"Here you go, better be quick, otherwise I'll leave without you."
    "I quickly grab the clothes off Kenta and rush into the bathroom to change as he showed no signs of averting his eyes."
    a"Hey your shirt's inside out, you might want to fix that while I'm changing."
    k"Oh darn, that's the third time this week."
    "I can't imagine what he's done considering it's only Monday today."
    "But there's no time to think about that."
    “I shut the bathroom door behind me, I can’t help but feel a little relieved that I’ve escaped Kenta’s presence, if only for a brief while.”
    "I take a look at myself in the mirror as I begin to get ready, in a way I'm not just reflecting on my physical self, but also my mental self."
    "Already this morning has been crazy, it's pretty different to my old life... Well, at least Kenta is different to anyone I've ever met before."
    "My breath condenses on the mirror pane in front of me, it's incredibly cold this morning."
    "I splash my face with the ice cold water as I inspect the rest of myself."
    "While the cold water is uncomfortable, it does do a great job at waking me up."
    "Luckily my forehead isn't bruised from the beating it took this morning, I don't know what I'd would've done if I had walked into class with a purple forehead."
    "My hair is dishevelled, even after brushing it still doesn't sit right."
    #(Sentences are hard)"It's never really sat well before anyway."
    "I guess this place doesn't have any heaters, unless Kenta is against having them on for whatever reason."
    "At this point I wouldn't be surprised."
    “Giving up on my hair's position, I just have to change into these clothes quickly before I freeze to death."
    "After I'm finished I unlock the door and step outside to find Kenta waiting for me patiently, this time with his shirt on the right way."
    k"Alright, let's go."
    a"Sure let me just grab my bag."
    "Being my first day my bag is almost entirely empty apart from a few empty notebooks and pens."
    "I grab my school sweater from my bag and quickly put it on."
    a"I'm ready now."
    "Kenta leads the way out into the hallway, it seems we're the last ones to leave judging from the lack of noise around us."
    "Now that I think about it Kenta is actually pretty considerate, waking me up and waiting for me... he even organised my clothes for me, though not in the way I exactly wanted."
    "In any case his intentions have been good, I was having second thoughts this morning about having him as a roommate."
    "But I guess he’s not too bad.”


    "The mountains ahead burst with light as the sun rises behind them."
    "The sight blinded me, I haven't seen the sun rising over mountains for a long time."
    "A warm nostalgic feeling rushes over me."
    with fade
    show Street
    show tired
    "I wipe my eyes and rub the sleep away while my eyes attempt to adjust to the brightness."
    "The fresh air is even colder outside, but it's refreshing to be breath in. It's different to the air I've become accustomed to."
    "Which way to school...? My memory struggles to remember where exactly I should be going."
    "I'm sure it can't be far away considering I live at a dormitory but that doesn't help all that much."
    "I'd ask one of the students there but it they've all already left without me."
    "So all that leaves is Kenta, who is conveniently walking right next to me."
    "I have a strange feeling that he might not be leading me to school, but I have no idea where else we could be going."
    "Despite my previous knowledge of this town's geography I have no idea where we are right now."
    "I suppose things change a lot in a year, and I never visited this area before that anyway."
    a"Hey Kenta, we are heading toward school aren't we?"
    k"Of course."
    a"Sorry, I was just wondering, I thought more students would be around at this time, going to school too."
    k"Not at this time no."
    a"Hmm? Why's that?"
    k"We're late."
    "He says it in such a carefree way that I can't help but feel a little mad about what's happened this morning."
    "I suppose it is mostly my fault for not getting up early enough though."
    k"If you don't want to be late again I'll wake you up early next time, if you'd like."
    "The picture of a bruised, purple forehead fills my mind."
    a"No, no, no Kenta that's alright I'll just set my alarm a little earlier."
    a"You shouldn't need to worry about waking me up."
    "Kenta just nods his head as we continue our steady pace through the empty street."
    “I’m reassured by his nod but I don’t entirely trust that he agrees with my request completely.”
    "At least the walk gives me a chance to sort through my conflicting feelings."
    “I’m a little anxious about this new school and the students who attend it.”
    “I used to know a lot of people from this town well, but I haven’t really spoken to anyone from here in a while.”
    "Along the way I notice the construction workers demolishing an old traditional home."
    "That seems to be the case around here nowadays, lots and lots of new developments."
    "I suppose the average person wouldn't notice but I'm different, I haven't been here in almost two years, so I can see clearly how everything is changing."
    "It's strange when I think about everything that's been built in that time."
    "It's like my entire model of what I thought this place was has been tossed out and remade, within a few seconds of coming back and seeing it all."
    "Getting used to all of this isn't easy."

    with dissolve
    "My eyes are drawn to the only other person in the street apart from Kenta and I."
    "Across the road there's a girl, in a school uniform."
    "She looks familiar, I'm sure I know her from somewhere."
    "Being this late, there shouldn't be many people around."
    "But despite that, she's standing there."
    "Alone, waiting to cross the road.”
    "My vision quickly sharpens as I move closer to the girl."
    "She has straight brown hair hanging down just past her shoulders and calm green eyes... She looks around my age... I know I recognise her. I just can't quite put my finger on who she is exactly."
    "A part of me hopes I don't know her, this place was meant to be a new start for me."
    "A place where I can forget about the past."
    "I try to stay away in a hope to avoid catching her attention."
    "She doesn't seem to notice me."

    k"Huh, so you've got your eyes on her then?"
    a"Oh ---uhh no, she just ummm..."
    k"Go ahead. Be honest."
    a"No, I just think I know her from somewhere, I can't remember though."
    a"Do you know her name?"
    k”You sure you aren’t interested in her?”
    a”No! Come on, I told you... she just looks familiar...”
    k”Alright, alright. I don't know her by name but I know she's a member of the student council."
    a"Hmm, know anything else?"
    k"I'm not gonna lie, I really don't know all that much about a lot of the people at our school, I just happened to see that girl walking into the student council room recently."
    k"But apart from that I've got nothing else to tell you about her."
    "That doesn't help me at all, I still have no idea who she is."
    "I guess her name will come to me eventually if I do know her.”

    "The bell's ringing as we walk through the school gates."
    k"My class is that way, I'll see you later."
    "Kenta says as he abruptly changes course and starts walking away at an extremely fast pace."
    a"O-oh, bye."
    "I call out as he walks around the corner."
    ”Damn it! I'm late and I have no idea where to go.”
    "Without many options open to me, I sprint off blindly, rapidly sorting through the buildings as I do so."
    "They all look about the same."
    "That's the biggest problem, none of them seem to have been built recently but they don't look especially old either." (Relevance?)
    "I've only ever seen the school from afar when I was a child since I'd sometimes walk past here during the day."
    "The inside is pretty different from what I expected though."
    "Despite being a hurry, I can already feel this place growing on me, its familiar feel is comforting in a way."

    "Judging from the sizes of the buildings I can only guess the largest one's for the regular, non-specialised classes, the three stories should be for three year groups."
    "There's a smaller building connected to the large one but it's hard to tell whether it's an entrance hall or administration. It's worth a look in any case."
    "Since I'm probably the only one out of class at the moment I carefully push the door forward, ready to pull back at any moment, just in case I'm not supposed to be here."
    "I take a peek through the slightly open door, it looks like its empty inside, just like the school grounds."
    "I step through feeling slightly relieved as I continue the search."
    "The hallway splits off into a few doorways with a staircase going upward at the end of it."
    "Judging from the noise levels, this place was probably an old classroom building, repurposed for some other use."
    "This place doesn't look like administration to me but it can't hurt to search around a little more, especially since it seems empty."
    "All the doors are open in the hallway except for the one that the end."
    "I peer through all the open doors, they're all empty."
    "Before I know it I'm standing in front of the closed one."
    "I take a moment to observe the door, the paint is peeling and the handle is rusted, it probably hasn't been opened in a long time."
    "Curiosity piqued I go to push at it."
    "It isn't locked!"
    "A musty smell wafts out as the door creaks open."
    "It looks like a mostly empty classroom, except there are a couple of shelves on the side and a beautiful porcelain tea set sits on a table"
    "It looks like it hasn't been touched for a while"
    "The only set table is the one in the centre of the room that the tea set is sitting on, all the others are stacked up in the corner of the room."
    "Four chairs sit around it."
    "What could they be used for? It doesn't look like this place has been used at all for a long time."
    “There’s no doubt it hasn’t seen sunlight either.”
    "I step inside the dark room and step towards the curtains on the other side of the room, whilst watching my step with every move forward in the unfamiliar room.”
    "I cast the curtains aside, allowing the sunlight to pour through, drenching every corner of the room in light."
    "The features are clear now as I turn around and..."
    "----woah what?"
    “Somehow I hadn't noticed this before, but there's a girl sitting down at the table."
    "Her silver hair and violet eyes glisten in the sun's rays as she sits at the table diligently, she doesn't seem to be paying attention to anything."
    "I could've sworn there was no one in here before I opened these curtains."
    "Maybe it was a little too dark to see...."
    “It seems she missed my entrance the same way I didn’t see her here in the first place.”
    a"Hello, excuse me, I'm sorry for intruding...”
    “I try to get her attention but the silver haired girl seems unimpressed, she turns her head toward me with a completely blank face, devoid of all expression."
    h"Hello."
    “The slight movement of her neck and upper body feels unnatural, almost robotic like.”
    “But that’s not even the strangest part about her at first glance.”
    "Her neck and a part of her lower face is covered in what I can only guess are burn scars."
    "I've seen pictures of them before, red skin with white vein-like lines running through them."
    "I step back as she stares at me, obviously aware of my reaction to the scarring."
    "Realising that I was being rude I quickly bring out an awkward smile as I think of something to say."
    “I’m sure there’s a story behind the scarring that she’d probably rather not share, so I’m going to avoid bringing it up.”
    "My throat is a little dry as I attempt to swallow."
    “My mouth struggles to find the right thing to say as I take care not to trip on my own words.”
    a"So uh, what were you doing, sitting here on your own?"
    h"This is the only empty building in the school."
    "Her voice is monotone, and her answer doesn't make much sense."
    a"Oh, you like being alone?"
    h"Yes."
    "She seems completely disinterested as she answers."
    a"Oh, uh, can I ask, what's your name?"
    "It may have been my imagination but it looked like her eyes flickered a little when I asked that, but it was gone before I could get a closer look."
    h"My name? I don't think anyone knows the answer to to that question. Not even I know anymore, but a long time ago others called me Hikari."
    “Her answers are just as strange as her behaviour.”
    a"Nice to meet you Hikari, I'm Takeru."
    "I inwardly groan as I say that, I have no idea how to act when paired with someone like this.”
    "It feels like we're completely disconnected from each other."
    h”You’re new around here aren’t you?”
    a”Yeah I am, but how could you tell?”
    h”I haven’t seen you before today, but judging from your presence here I can only guess you must be lost.”
    “Wow, she guessed two from two without any hints from me.”
    a”I’m amazed, you pretty much just summed up my little time at this school so far.”
    h”It wasn’t any magic. The only reason anyone would ever come here is if they didn’t know where they were going.“
    a”I see, you must get a lot of lost visitors then...”
    h”——————“
    a"Listen, I don’t want to be too much of a bother to you but I have no idea where to go next, could you help me out and tell me where the administration office is?"
    h"Go left, and it's the third building on your right."
    “Her response was fast, calm, dull and calculated.”
    a"Ok thanks Hikari, I'll come back and visit later!”
    "She doesn't react in any way as I rush out the door"
    "However as I started to run I thought I heard ‘No you won’t...’ coming from behind me."
    "What a strange encounter."
    "Who exactly was that girl?"
    "Even though she was sitting right there, I didn't see her until I opened the curtains."
    "How?"
    "How could I have missed her?"
    "Has my eyesight degraded without me even noticing?"
    "No that can't be right, everything else is normal."
    "So why?"

    t”You there!”
    “Instantly, my mind snaps back to the present, as I notice the smiling man strolling towards me.”
    a”O-oh, hello.”
    t”Now what are you doing outside of class?”
    a”Sorry, I kind of don’t know where I’m going... I’m lost and I uh...”
    t”Are you Ichiro Takeru by any chance?”
    a”Huh? Yeah that’s me, how did you know?”
    t”I was looking for you, you’re in class 2-B, come on let’s go!”
    “Without even bothering to see what I do, he turns away and starts walking at a brisk pace.”
    “After a second of hesitation I quickly follow.”

    “I stop for a moment, attempting to mentally prepare myself. I’m probably going to have to introduce myself in just a few moments.”
    "I didn't expect this all to be done so rushed, that is to say, I'm not prepared at all."
    “The entire class stares at me.”
    “God, it feels like Judgement Day.”
    “My mind goes blank.”
    “What am I meant to say here?”
    “What do people usually say in these situations?”
    t”Try your name first.”
    “The teacher mutters underneath his breath.”
    a”Uh, hi, I’m Ichiro Takeru.”
    t”Tell them about a hobby of yours.”
    “This time the teacher spoke his suggestion, allowing everyone to hear.”
    a”I play base-“
    “Crap.”
    a”I-I uh… That is…”
    “I stumbled on my own words and I’m failing to think of any other options.”
    “What other words start with base? Basement? That doesn’t make any sense. I can’t see any way out.”
    t”Sorry to cut you off there Ichiro but we’re running a little late, could you take a seat please?”
    a”Ah, sure...”
    “Somehow the teacher answers my prayers, for the second time today he seemingly read my mind, perhaps he’s just good at reading the situation.”
    “I give him a grateful look as I move to the empty seat by the windowsill.”
    “Along the way I try to take in as much as I can about the room.”
    “There are five rows, with six seats in each,”
    “They’re all occupied except for one at the windowsill and another, empty seat beside it.”
    "I guess the window seat is always better."
    "I really messed up that introduction but luckily it seems everybody has forgotten me already."

    “That’s a good thing I guess, less to worry about.”

    "Looking at the clock I notice there are only two minutes before lunch."
    "I didn't manage to speak to anyone in these first two classes."
    "Luckily it wasn't my own fault, but rather due to the nature of the classes."
    "It was just book work on History and English, no group tasks required."
    "I wonder if I can find anyone to sit...?"
    "I guess I could go find Kenta... though maybe that's not the best idea."
    “The bell rings, signaling the start of lunch.”
    ”That was fast.”
    “The room is filled with chatter, after we bid the teacher farewell.”
    “With no reason to stay any longer, I head straight out the door.”
    n”Hey you! Wait up a second!”
    “Huh?”
    “I turn my head back to see a red-haired girl sprinting at me,”
    a”Whoa!”
    “I pin myself against the wall to avoid the collision.”
    n”Nice reflexes.”
    “She smirks as she turns to face me.”
    a”Ah, thanks.”
    "My heart begins to race due to the erratic spontaneousness of her movements."
    n”So new kid, Ichiro, what were you saying before the teacher interrupted you?”
    “Her knowing smirk feels like it pierces straight through me.”
    a”Ah, it’s nothing interesting...”
    n”Eh? Come on now, you can tell me, I promise I won’t make fun of you.”
    “My eyes dart around, desperately trying to find a way out of this situation.”
    “Just outside the classroom, walking past is my way out. I see it.”
    a”Hey Kenta!”
    “I yell at him from over the girl’s shoulder.”
    k”Hm?”
    “He stops and looks around, as if unsure where the noise came from.”
    a”Ah, sorry I got to go now, my friend is waiting for me.”
    n”Huh? But we only just met…”
    “Her bottom lip sticks out in a pout.”
    a”Ah, maybe some other time.”
    “I call over my shoulder as I run towards Kenta.”
    n”I’m holding you to that! The name's Haruki Natsumi! You better not forget it!”

    #"I'll go back and ask Haruki, she's the only person I've spoken to in my entire class so far, even if it were just a few words
    #rofl what am I talking about he's with Kenta(DA BEST)

    "I finally escape the overly assertive girl, or... I guess I should call her Haruki."
    "I think I need somewhere quiet to escape from everyone, despite not being too involved I've felt like the centre of attention for the entire morning."
    "I still have no idea where anything is though."
    k"Hey friend."
    a"Hey Kenta, thanks for saving me back there."
    k"Huh? I don't remember saving anyone."
    "I look over my shoulder to make sure she isn't following us."
    a"The girl from my class with red hair, I'm not really too sure about her..."
    k"I could help clear some things up if you'd like."
    a"Uhh no that's ok."
    "We walked for a while longer, completely unfamiliar to my surroundings I'm not too sure where we're going."
    a"So Kenta where are we headed?"
    k"I don't know about you but I'm going to try to solve a problem that's been going on for a while now in this school."
    k"Due to my club-less state I have been assigned with a special duty, that being to protect the school."
    a"Is that like punishment for not choosing a club?"
    k"No no no! It's not punishment, we are the bringers of justice throughout these halls. Believe me this entire place would've fallen to pieces without the INSERT JUSTICE GROUP NAME HERE(Hallway Hero's, Kenta's Knights, School Super Sentai."
    a"Are you going to a meeting right now?"
    k"Oh, uh, no. You misunderstood what I said."
    k"It's just me."
    a"Oh."
    "I'm not sure how I should react to something like that, so I'll ignore it."
    k"Right now we're currently facing a huge issue in the library. Books keep disappearing without being checked out."
    a"Are they ever returned?"
    k"Well that's the strange thing, they're always returned within a few weeks of their disappearance."
    a"I suppose that's not so bad then."
    k"It makes stock taking a true nightmare when books suddenly disappear and reappear with no record."
    k"So I've been assigned with this job to try to solve who, when, where and why this crime is taking place."
    a"Could you really call it a crime?"
    k"This is a serious issue you know? It's definitely a crime, in some circumstances I'd even label it as a tier 2 crime at least."
    a"Alright, good luck then."
    k"Woah hey, you're not going somewhere are you?"
    a"Yeah I am, sorry I've got places to be."
    "I turn down the next corridor as soon as I could to get off Kenta's route."
    "I wanted off of Kenta's Crazy Contingency as soon as possible."
    "I don't have any plans on staying club-less, even if he considers that to be a club."
    "Despite making the correct decision to get away from Kenta I regret the necessity of my choice."
    "Where am I supposed to go now for the rest of lunch?"
    "I can't spend the rest of the day alone."
    "The random corridor I had split off to was a lot shorter and smaller than I had expected."
    "There's only a single room, and a door that leads to the outside."
    "The room looks so out of place, I'm surprised by the strange design of this school."
    "Without the class numbering above the doorway I know it's not even a classroom, and why would it be? Being this isolated."
    "It's my first day, I'm allowed to be curious aren't I?"
    "I check over my shoulder to make sure no one is watching."
    "The corridor is empty behind me."
    "What's there to lose?"
    "I turn the door handle and with just a small push the entire room is revealed to me."
    "I was reminded of the encounter I had with that other girl when I entered the room in the old part of the school."
    "Although this place, while it felt like it was positioned awkwardly from the outside, in actuality it was comfortingly quaint inside."
    "Though just like that other place, there is a girl, also sitting in a chair. Though this time she is reading a book silently."
    "It seems she hasn't noticed my entrance."
    a"Hello..."
    "The black haired girl's head instantly jumps up out of the book at the sound of my voice."
    "Like she had just been on the verge of sleep but had jerked herself awake, startled suddenly before she could properly fall unconscious."
    "But this girl is anything but drowsy."
    "Her eyes widen upon meeting my gaze."
    "Her head turns to face the carpeted floor as she relocates her focus away from the problem, the elephant in the room."
    "That elephant being me."
    "Despite her efforts to hide it, I can tell her face is covered in a bright shade of red."
    "I can't help but feel a little bad, what do people usually do when someone acts like this just to a simple hello..."
    "I want to apologise but I'm not exactly sure what makes me feel like I've done something wrong."
    a"Sorry, did I intrude at the wrong time? I'm new here so I wasn't too sure what this place was so-"
    "This time the girl actually jumped up out of her chair to stand."
    bh"Sorry... I need to go... do something..."
    "She speaks so softly I can barely hear her."
    "Her stride across the room is hurried but graceful as she passes me."
    "I just manage to decipher he soft words but before I can say anything in response she has already escaped."
    "I let out a depressing soft chuckle as I realise I'm yet again alone, no doubt it probably had something to do with my actions."
    "Feeling somewhat exhausted and guilty I pull out one of the chairs try to relax myself."
    "Across from me in the mostly empty room is a table and a large bookshelf going across the side wall, until now I hadn't noticed the large amount of books that lined the shelves due to the other girl's presence."
    "But now that she's gone I feel like I can finally take a look at the rest of the room."
    "All of her belongings are still beside the chair she had been sitting at."
    "I thought the nature of her exit must've meant she was leaving forever, well at least until the end of lunch."
    "But with her stuff all still here, I suppose this must mean she's coming back."
    "In any case I feel like I owe her an apology or at least a few words to clear up what just happened here, I have no where else to go for the rest of lunch anyway."
    "To pass the time I wonder over to the other side of the room, searching the line of books for a title that piques my interest."
    "I scan each title, only giving each book the attention it takes to read their title, until I pull out one that looks interesting."
    "As the minutes tick by I find my back slowly sinking into the chair as my eyes quickly scan each page."
    "While my mind is invested into the novel I can't help but wonder where that book-girl went, and whether she'll come back at all."
    "Maybe this wasn't such a good idea, I suppose some people just like to read alone. I guess I should just leave now and not cause her any more trouble."
    "I shift the paperback into its old position on the shelf and then move my body toward the doorway, ready to leave."
    "My hand envelopes the handle, but the door moves without the pull of my own arm."
    "A ghost? Or maybe just an automatic door..."
    "The door completes its opening and in front of me is a girl I've never seen before."
    "What is she doing here? I was somewhat expecting the girl from before."
    "Her hair is wet and flowing far past her shoulders and judging from her height and physique she looks a little younger than me."
    "Maybe a first year?"
    m"Oh hello, sorry for the intrusion, I just thought someone else might be here."
    a"Sorry, I think I might know the person you're talking about."
    a"She ran off not long after I came here. I guess I must've said something wrong."
    m"No I doubt that was it. Just don't worry about it, I'll take care of things from here."
    a"Hold on, I want to apologise to her. You don't mind if I come along do you?"
    m"Not particularly no..."
    a"Thanks."
    "We walk off away from the old book room no headed in the direction Kenta was previously going down."
    "I can only assume this girl knows where the other has gone."
    m"I'm Hashimoto Mana by the way, you can call me Mana."
    a"Hey Mana, I'm Ichiro Takeru."
    m"I'll call you Takeru then if that's fine with you."
    a"Sure, go ahead."
    a"Sorry I caused this trouble, I'm new here and I'm not too sure what I'm supposed to be doing."
    "She seems to be shivering a little as we walk, her hair is still wet and it's pretty cold right now."
    a"Your hair, are you sure you don't want to stop and dry it. You look pretty cold."
    m"It's ok, I just came back from swimming. I usually dry off in the clubroom after practice."
    m"I need to find Hagami before that happens though."
    m"It'll be fine, she should be in the library somewhere, she usually goes there if she's not in the clubroom."
    a"So her name is Hagami huh?"
    m"She didn't even tell you that did she..."
    "Mana looks a little disappointed."
    a"No I can't say we had much of a chance to talk before she left."
    a"Is everything alright with her?"
    m"That's not for me to say, though I'll warn you, she's incredibly shy of strangers."
    m"You probably just startled her."
    a"Sorr-"
    m"Don't worry, you didn't do anything wrong. She's just fragile is all."
    m"Everything should be fine though as long as I'm there this time, she's my best friend after all."
    "As soon as we step into the library I'm reminded of Kenta, who has a fairly high probability of being here too."
    "I really don't want to bump into him here, especially not with Mana after I ditched him."
    "Being my first time here I take in the libraries scenery, it's spacious and filled with books as you'd expect from any library."
    "It's not as big nor is it as impressive as my old school's though."
    m"So you said you were new here?"
    a"Yeah."
    m"It's probably your first visit to the library then."
    m"I'll give you a little tour sometime if you'd like."
    m"But for now we need to find Hagami."
    a"Sure."
    m"Her usual spot is just over here."
    "This library is much more like a labyrinth of books than a library. You could easily got lost within the sea of shelves if you took the wrong turn."
    "I don't know who designed this place but I'm glad I have Mana to guide me, she seems to know this place well."
    "I try to keep an imaginary map in my mind of which way to go to get back but that's quickly forgotten."
    "A sanctuary opens, hidden far away from the rest of the school and even the rest of the library."
    "There's just a small opening between the bookshelves that reveals another entire small room."
    a"Pretty good hiding spot."
    m"She comes here because she knows I'm the only other person who knows about this spot."
    a"So why are you showing me?"
    m"You would've turned back a while ago if you weren't concerned about Hagami."
    m"I'm sure about that".
    "She says something I have no response for, I don't exactly know Hagami all that well... maybe it's just curiosity?"
    "We step around the corner into the space between the shelves and sure enough Hagami is sitting on the floor, leaning against one of the shelves.
    "She's completely relaxed while reading a book."
    "The situation is not too different from the one at the start of lunch."
    "Although this time Mana is with me."
    "This time things should go a lot better if what she's said is true."
    "Hagami notices us both immediately, her eyes again widen from the sight of me."
    "And just like before her gaze makes me feel like I've done something awful"
    "Mana sits next to Hagami as she talks to her directly in an attempt to take me out of the situation briefly."
    m"Trust me Hagami he's harmless. He's a nice guy. He came here to see you because he's afraid he's done something wrong to you."
    "She speaks softly but not quiet enough to stop me from hearing her words."
    h"O-ok"
    h"So-rry, I meant to say I'm alright."
    "Her voice is soft, but carries her feelings well enough."
    h"I'm just this w-way, because I didn't... I didn't expect you to come here..."
    h"Or t-to the clubroom."
    "I was afraid that I may have offended her but it seems like she's even more afraid of that than I am."
    h"B-but thanks... for coming."
    "A shy, calm smile slowly appears on her face."
    "I let out a an nonexistent sigh of relief as my worries are laid to rest."
    "It seems she didn't need all that much convincing, or maybe Mana is just good at this sort of thing?"
    "Just from the way they act, I can tell their friendship is strong."
    "It sorta makes me a little envious in a way."
    m"How about we all head back to the clubroom?"
    a"Sure."
    "Hagami also agrees with a slight nod of the head."
    a"Actually now is probably as good as any to ask... What exactly is the club you two belong to?"
    a"I still need to find one."
    h"The literature club."
    "Despite the distance she's keeping between us, Hagami actually answered my question."
    "She's been close to Mana's side this entire time so I didn't expect much of any response from her."
    a"The literature club?"
    a"I suppose that explains the copious amounts of books in that small room."
    m"I'm a member but really it's Hagami that loves to read a lot, she's the club president after all."
    m"You might've already figured this out but I'm also part of the swimming club too so I have to manage my time between both clubs."
    a"Wait, this school has club activities at lunch?"
    m"Well no, not technically... but nobody really minds since places like the pool and this room are always open."
    "The bell rings, signaling the end of lunch."
    "We'd only just made it back to the entrance clubroom."
    "Oh well."
    m"Shoot, lunch is over already?"
    m"You won't even get a proper introduction tour of the literature club..."
    m"How about you come some other time and we'll show you around?"
    a"Sure, I'll come back soon."
    m"Awesome, bye then."
    a"See ya."
    "Hagami also manages a goodbye wave."

    #Go to class, not much happens (unless it does)
    #Go back home and wake up the following morning
    #Go to school new student (Setsuko) arrives
    #Scene from old vn
    #Be walking around school, bump into Meiko
    #Recognise each other, she asks for your help in running an errand for her
    #Get lost
    #End up in Hikari's room again
    #Talk with her for a bit (She's surprised you can see her again, it's the first time anyone has seen her two times in a row as a ghost, though she doesn't tell you anything about herself being dead).
    #Leave, she tells you the way to the student council room
    #Find student council room, Meiko is there, talk with her for a bit to catch up
    #Ask about Hikari, she'll tell you about the story of the student who died in a fire last year in the school festival
    #^Already written in old vn
    #Something about Natsumi and baseball after school, still struggling around the specifics of why he'd be playing baseball with her
    #Figure out a point of MC has fucking lost, meaning he hasn't gotten enough points from the decisions to get with any girls
    #This leaves him alone and hopeless with a shell of a life
