label Day2:

    "Thump!"
    "I can feel it on my head again."
    "It's the same as yesterday."
    "Thump!"
    "Alright, alright I'm up, stop that already!"
    "I swing my body upright to make sure Kenta knows I'm definitely awake."
    k"Good morning."
    "I quickly glance at my bedside table just to realise I slept for way longer than I should've."
    "I mentally kick myself for not remembering to set an alarm."
    "In a drowsy half-slumber I get the sheets off of me so I can start getting ready."
    "Just starting to feel conscious now I finally take in the entire room around me."
    "It still doesn't feel like a home that I can call my own."
    "But now that I think about it, it's not like there's a place like that for me anywhere."
    "At least not anymore."
    "I'll just have to accept this and move on, there's nothing else I can do."
    "In a way it's the closest place I have to being a home at the moment."
    "I live here and most of my close belongings are here too."
    "I spend a few minutes getting dressed and packing my bag."
    "I suppose I've still got plenty of time for breakfast so I won't skip it today."

    "Again, Kenta and I walk together to school, though we aren't late like last time."

    "As we walk I see a girl, just standing by herself in the middle of the street."
    "It's hard to tell from this distance but it looks like she has a piece of paper out."
    "And she's searching the surrounding area for something."
    "Maybe it's a photo?"
    "Actually, she's wearing our uniform too."
    "I'm a little interested, I wonder what she's doing."
    "I catch myself staring at her when I feel someone poking my shoulder."

    a"Hmm?"
    k"You seemed to have spaced out so I tried to push the un-space out button."
    "He doesn't mean my shoulder does he?"
    "..."
    a"Kenta, do you see that girl just over there?"
    with dissolve

    k"Oh, she looks like someone from our school."
    k"I don't recognise her."
    k"She might be a second year?"
    a"Yeah maybe, but she looks confused about something don't you think?"
    k"Why don't you go over and help her?"
    a"Huh? Oh me?"
    k"Who else?"
    a"I thought it'd be better if you went..."
    "I hate to admit it but going up to a girl I don't know alone in the street isn't something I'm the most comfortable with."
    "She might get the wrong idea."
    "Though now that I think about it, it might be even worse with Kenta..."
    k"Whatever, come on you have to man up."
    k"I'll be right behind you if you're worried about looking like a creep."
    a"Did you just call me a creep? Do I look like one?"

    with dissolve

    show KSReg at right
    with dissolve

    c"Excuse me, you look like you're in the same school as me..."
    "Just as I was bickering with Kenta the strange girl initiates the conversation instead."
    "We were so preoccupied we didn't even notice her coming toward us."
    "The girl was obviously referring to the school emblem we both had on our uniform."
    k"Oh. Yeah that's right we're wearing the same uniform."
    a"Did you need something?"
    c"Yeah I do actually. I'm new to the school, I've just transferred but I'm having trouble with finding it."
    c"I've made it this far by reading this map."
    c"But as you can probably tell I'm not too good at reading maps."
    "She's definitely right, after checking her map she's not even on the route the map shows her to go."
    "Both Kenta and I look over the map but neither of us respond to the girl for what has become an uncomfortable amount of time."
    a"Don't worry about it, we're heading there right now so you can come with us."
    "Even though I'm new, I still know enough of the way to school."
    "Eventually I decide we should help her. I wish Kenta had spoken up sooner, but I guess this situation is up to me."
    c"Thank you! I don't know what I would've done if you two hadn't come along!"
    a"That's fine, it's not like you're putting us out of our way or anything."
    c"Can I ask what your names' are? I'm Kunikada Setsuko."
    a"Ichiro Takeru."
    k"Satou Kenta."

    "For the rest of the walk she trails slightly behind us without speaking, she doesn't seem all that shy though."
    "It seems weird to me but it's not like a mind at all."

    "As I notice a few students, though I recognise none, I remember the girl who I saw around here the other day."
    "I still can't remember her name, or who she exactly is."
    "She looked like a student from our school so I'm sure I'll see her again, at least once."
    "In any case I don't end up seeing her this morning on the way to school."



    "I get to class a little early today, trying to counteract my tardiness of yesterday."
    "Natsumi walks in just as the bell rings and smiles at me as she sits at her desk."
    "It's not long before homeroom starts as the teacher begins to prepare his morning announcements."
    "The class rep, who I still don't know the name of, stands and addresses the class before the teacher begins."

    "The roll is called, meaning it's time to zone out for the rest of homeroom."
    "These announcements are usually meaningless, or only important for a few students who are active in school activities."
    "Not being one of those people yet, I sit here, just staring out the window."
    "Wait, I can hear people muttering about something..."
    "Did I miss something important?"
    t"...we will be welcoming a new transfer student today so please make her feel at home."
    stb"What? Another transfer student!"
    sta"Two in a row?!"
    stb"That's a little strange isn't it?"
    "The class seems less interested in her and more interested in the timing of her transfer."
    "There were discussions occurring everywhere in the class right now after hearing this news."
    "Wait a moment, that girl I met this morning... didn't she say she was new?"
    "It can't be... can it?"
    t"Quieten down class, we need to give our new student a chance to introduce herself."
    "And at that moment the new girl entered the classroom."
    hide Classroom
    show SetsukoGall1
    with fade
    "This girl has an average height, long flowing dark hair and blue eyes, she wears a purple ribbon on her uniform and in her hair. Her expression is content rather than fearful or embarrassed."
    "A lot of the guys in the class are excited to see it's a girl transferring, probably because most of them would already have a certain reputation with the girls here."
    "The girls are excited too but probably for more respectable reasons."
    "After the class settles down the atmosphere is set for her to introduce herself, she doesn't seem afraid at all by the thirty or so students staring at her, waiting for her to speak."
    "The strange girl stands still patiently awaiting the class, until taking a short breath in preparation to speak."
    c"My name is Kunikada Setsuko."
    "It was unmistakably her, the girl I met this morning."
    "Her voice was soft, but not quiet, everyone heard her words."
    "The class seemed a little surprised with such a blunt introduction, nothing more than her name"
    "I can still say it was a step up from mine."
    "Usually students would add a little more to their introduction when coming into a school for the first time."
    t"Kunikada, is there anything else you'd like to add? Such as your hobbies or where you came from?"
    "The teacher tries to help the girl out of this awkward situation just like he did for me."
    c"I just moved here, my Dad's work brought him to this town and as a result brought me too, so I'm pleased to meet you all!"
    "Luckily she handled the situation quite well in comparison to myself."
    t"Alright class, make sure you make Kunikada feel welcome. You may take your seat now, Kunikada."

    hide SetsukoGall1
    show Classroom

    "Kunikada searches for a moment for her seat, she finds the only seat left. The one next to mine."
    "As she walks toward her desk I notice her face, it's quickly growing paler and paler."
    "Then her eyelids, they're beginning to shut."
    "Her hand reaches for the desk beside her."
    "But her knees wobble as she takes the next step."
    "Her body topples toward me."
    "Times seems to slow down around me."
    "Bracing for the impact with no time to think, I hold both arms out in an attempt to catch her."
    "She gracefully lands unharmed within my arms."
    "Her body is a lot softer and lighter than I had expected."
    "The rest of the class turn their heads to see what the noise is in my corner of the classroom."
    "And all they see is me, holding the transfer student half a metre from the ground."
    a"Are you alright?"
    "The girl infront of me gives a slight nod and tries to move her legs."
    t"Ichiro, please take Kunikada to the infirmary immediately."
    "I could feel my face growing red."
    a"Can you stand?"
    "Kunikada nods again and tries to move upright with my help."
    hide Classroom
    show white
    show KSReg
    "I grab her arm and put it around my neck to support her weight as we walk out of the classroom into the empty hall."
    "As we walk it seems her condition is improving."
    "She's slowly leaning on me less and less, trying to bear her own weight."
    c"Sorry about this."
    "She tries to speak, this time with a voice much softer than before."
    c"It only happens every once and while."
    c"I have a condition that sometimes makes me unexplainably feel nauseous for a few moments, usually I end up fainting and falling to the floor."
    c"So thanks for catching me."
    a"Don't worry about it, you were falling toward me anyway so it's not like I could just step out of your way."
    c"You'd be surpised."
    a"Surpised by what?"
    c"This is the first time I've fallen, that hasn't resulted in a bruised or bleeding face."
    c"So thanks for that."
    "We reached the stairs, the infirmary is located on the 1st floor."
    "We're currently on the third."
    a"Do you think you can manage?"
    c"Yeah, I think so."
    "This time Kunikada holds me tightly as we descend the stairs."
    "We stop to rest at the end of each set."
    "She still seems so fragile and weak."
    "Luckily we just need to get to the beds in the infirmary."
    "And it was right infront of us, we'd reached the 1st floor."
    c"It's ok, I know I seem pretty faint right now."
    c"But I always get better within an hour or two."
    c"I should be back by fourth period."
    a"Sounds good. I'll see you then."

    hide KSReg

    show Classroom
    "The rest of class is uneventful, the same as always."
    "However halfway through fourth period Kunikada re-enters the classroom."
    t"Welcome back Kunikada."
    "Without instruction, Kunikada heads straight for her seat and sits down, trying to avoid any more attention from the other members of the class."

    with dissolve

    "I found myself constantly checking Kunikada throughout the class, I guess I'm still worried that she might drop out onto her desk at any moment."
    "But she never does and soon enough the bell rings signaling the end of class."

    "Where should I sit for lunch?"
    "Maybe I should eat lunch with Mana and Hagami?"
    "I did agree to visiting again sometime."
    "It's not like there are many other options anyway."
    "I head in the clubroom's direction while weaving my way through the mass of hungry students heading to the cafeteria in the opposite direction."
    "Turning around the corner something hits me with running speed."
    "I can't help but fall backwards, landing hard on the floor."
    a"Owwwwww"
    "Paper fills my vision. There's a lot of it. Floating in the air. On the floor."
    "Crap, I've run into someone."
    "At my feet is a girl frantically grabbing the papers that are all over the floor. She must have been in a hurry."
    a"Are you all right?"
    b"Yes! I'm fine!"
    "She continues to grab papers like her life depends on it."
    "I begin grabbing papers out of the air. Judging by what's on them the order was important. I've created a lot of hassle by not looking where I was going."
    "I squat down to hand my collected paper back to her."
    b"Thanks for the help."
    b"And sorry for run-"
    "We make eye contact."
    "She looks up at me with a widened gaze as he mouth opens slightly."
    b"I-Ichiro? Is that you?"
    "It's the girl from earlier."
    "And I know who she is now."
    "Memories begin to flood back as I recall who it is in front of me."
    "Kotaru Meiko."
    "My childhood friend for eight years."
    "Though I haven't spoken to her in a long time..."
    "My fresh start looks almost impossible now."
    "Damn."
    "Five years of walking to school with her. She's knows almost everything about me."
    "Damn."
    "Same primary school, but I haven't really spoken to her since she left my middle school."
    "Damn."
    "I've been staring at her for a while now. I don't really know where to start."
    "I haven't seen her since she was little, so it's a little hard to tell.
    "But I can still see it's her... Despite her developments."
    "She grabs the papers from me and rockets upright."
    "Her hands go to her hair."
    b"I don't have time for this right now! Aargh!"
    "She turns away from me for a moment."
    "When she turns back her eyes are intense."
    b"Takeru! It's great to see you again! We have a whole bunch of catching up to do! Take these."
    "She thrusts the paper's towards me. I'm not ready for this and they slam into my chest. I wrap my arms around them as she lets go, saving us from picking them up all over again."
    b"I need you to take these to the student council room. Right now! At once! A.S.A.P.!
    "She nods to herself and bolts off."
    a"Meiko! I- what?"
    "She's gone."
    "I don't know where to find the student council room."
    "Back to square one."

    "She seemed like she was in a big hurry when she bumped into me."
    "So these papers must be important, a high priority."
    "Well I wasn't really doing much else this lunch anyways."
    "She certainly didn't leave any time for a formal request though."
    "I sigh but ultimately walk with the papers in a random direction."

    "After around ten minutes of searching aimlessly I still have no idea where the student council room could be."
    "I've narrowed it down though."
    "It's somewhere within the school boundaries..."
    "That really doesn't help though does it?"
    "My stomach rumbles as I begin to realise I still haven't eaten anything yet."
    "Five minutes to eat something can't hurt my search too much..."
    "I find a quiet spot in the courtyard, surrounded by the school's natural greenery."
    "It's a nice spot, but for whatever reason not many people are sitting around here."
    "Halfway through eating the sandwich I prepared this morning, I notice a girl walking past me."
    "Wait is that Hikari?"
    "I stand up to go ask her about the student council room."
    "But the moment I stand she's already gone."
    "Where could she have gone?"
    "After a moment of thought an idea comes to me."
    "That empty room with the tea set!"
    "I'd never admit it but she scares me a little."
    "It could just be how cold she seemed, but something tells me that there's more to it than that."
    "But she helped me last time I was lost, I'm sure she can do it again."
    "Suppressing a slight shiver, I run off."

    "I have no idea how lunch ended up this way, but before I know it I'm standing in front of the old door."
    "My hand trembles a little as I push the door open."
    "I sheepishly make my way into the dark room."
    "The exact same scene as last time presents itself."
    "I take a moment to scan the chairs for Hikari."
    "I triple check the chair that she was sitting in last time."
    "But nobody is there."
    "In the end I was wrong to think she'd be here."
    "After all, there's no way she'd be here 24/7."
    "I'm not giving up just yet though."
    "Once again I go over to open the curtains."
    "Light floods into every corner of the room."
    "I give a start when a silver strand comes into the edge of my vision."
    "It's Hikari, and she's in the exact same spot as last time."
    "The spot that I was sure was empty a minute ago.
    "Something stirs in my chest."
    "It feels somewhat akin to fear."
    "Maybe it has something to do with the scarred tissue across the left side of her face."
    "As much as I try to ignore it, it feels like I'm just taking a part of her and shoving it under the rug."
    "It makes me feel pretty guilty, even when I haven't really done anything to hurt her."
    a"Uh, hey, I didn't see you there."
    i"?!!?!?"
    "Her head snaps back and in instant her bulging violet irises are staring into mine."
    i"Wha-how, di-didn't we meet yesterday?"
    "I almost laugh out loud at the look of shock on her face but I manage to reign it in at the very last second."
    "I don't want her to think I'm insulting her."
    a"Yeah, Hikari was it?"
    "Mouth still half hanging open, she gives a small nod of affirmation."
    a"Sorry I startled you, are you ok?"
    i"Ye-Yes."
    "Her mouth is finally closed, but her eyes still hold a shocked, almost manic look."
    "But it's quelled after a few seconds."
    "Furthermore she seems to have somewhat recovered her stoic look from before."
    "Despite that I can still a glint in her eyes."
    "Is that...excitement?"
    i"He-hello Ichiro."
    a"Hey, may I sit down?"
    i"Please."
    "She gestures to the seat across from hers and leans back into her chair."
    "I can tell that she's desperately trying to hold back a torrent of questions."
    "But about what?"
    "This is nothing like the girl I met yesterday."
    "Instead of being cold and lethargic, she seems charged and ecstatic."
    "What had changed?"
    i"So are you going to answer my question are you just going to stare?"
    "Her voice has an almost playful, teasing tone to it."
    "It's...nice."
    a"O-oh, could you repeat the question?"
    i"Were you the one who came yesterday?"
    "The question strikes me as a little odd, seeing as the answer is quite obvious."
    "But I answer anyway."
    a"Yeah I was a little lost yesterday, thanks for helping me out by the way."
    "Her breath catches and her eyes go a little glassy."
    "After a few seconds I suddenly realise something."
    "She's not breathing."
    a"Hey, are you alright?!"
    i"Hm?"
    "She blinks a couple of times and stares back at me for a second."
    i"Oh, sorry."
    a"Sorry?! You stopped breathing! Are you ok?"
    i"Yeah, I'm completely fine."
    "I'm may not be the best person to ask about normality but I'm pretty sure what just happened wasn't normal."
    a"Does...does that happen often?"
    i"No, it's actually been a while since the last instance."
    a"I-I see."
    i"Yeah, you just surprised me is all."
    a"How did I do that?"
    "She seems to be uncomfortable with this question as I can see her stoic mask taking place again."
    a"You don't have to tell me right now if it makes you uncomfortable."
    "She visibly relaxes and even manages a small smile."
    i"Why did you come here, by the way?"
    a"Well I-"
    "Why did I come here again..?"
    "Oh that's right! I'd forgotten until now but I need to get these paper's to Meiko!"
    "I'd shoved them in my bag before heading here, maybe that wasn't the best idea."
    a"I needed help getting to the student council room."
    i"Oh, is that all?"
    "Using her own judgement, she notices I'm in a bit of a hurry and acts accordingly the same."
    "She immediately starts drawing arrows on a map."
    "Wait, where did that come from?"
    "It's like she pulled it out of nowhere."
    "She's really fast at this, in just a few seconds there is a decently detailed map laid out in front of me."
    a"Is that a map of the school?"
    "She gives a slight nod without looking up, still working on the final details."
    "She finishes up after just another minute of labelling, putting the pen away while urging me to take the detailed page."
    i"Here you go, this should be good enough."
    "The sounds of the bell ring out."
    "Damn, looks like I'll have to go there after school then."
    i"Here you go, just follow these directions."
    a"Wow, that's the second time you've saved me, how can I pay you back?"
    i"Well..."
    "She hesitates slightly."
    i"M-Maybe we can decide on something later?"
    i"Sorry, I just can't think of much right now..."
    "She looks away immediately."
    "But...was that a blush just then?"
    a"Sure thing, I've got plenty of time these days. I'll come around maybe sometime tomorrow."
    i"Ri-right!"
    "Even if she wouldn't admit, I can tell she's happy."
    a"Well, I gotta go to class now, bye!"
    "She seems at a loss for what to say as I walk off."
    i"Uh-uhm, I-I'll see you later!"
    "I pause in my step, and a small grin appears on my face."
    a"Yeah, you definitely will!"
    "I call back at her without turning my back."
    "I'm not sure why but Hikari doesn't stand to leave for class either."
    "This is the second time I've seen her and again she doesn't seem to have an intention in going to class."
    "I wonder why she bothers sticking around there all day, she must get bored a lot."
    "Maybe it has something to do with those scars of hers."
    "The people of this school don't seem to be that mean, but maybe Hikari is different somehow."
    "In any case something urges me to keep her company, if only because no one else does."
    "But for now I have to get back to class, and then I have to deliver these papers for..."
    "Meiko."

    "Class passes by slowly and I almost fall asleep multiple times."
    "For some reason Hikari's map never leaves my hand."
    "I find myself reading it over constantly."
    "I could swear that Hikari drew the directions from her room to the student council room."
    "Yet the map in front of me is telling me how to get there from my classroom."
    "Since maps don't change on their own, I have to assume that Hikari had the foresight to put in this little detail."
    "I really have to thank her properly next time I see her."

    "Slowly the minute hand inches towards the mark and then-"
    "The bell rings and I'm out the door immediately after we say our farewells to the teacher."
    "With Hikari's map I'm at the student council room within five minutes."
    "Upon walking through the door the first thing I spot is a table packed with stacks of papers on top, and right next to it..."
    "Meiko is glaring at me, looking straight at the stack of papers in my hands."
    b"What the hell Takeru! I said immediately, not two hours later!"
    a"So-sorry, I didn't know how to get here and I had to ask for di-"
    b"Whatever, it's good that you're here, put that stack here, quickly!"
    "Shaking my head I drop it all on the only empty part of the desk."
    b"Phew, finally done for today."
    "She kneels down and closes her eyes, yawning."
    a"Uh, Meiko?"
    b"Huh? I'm awake, I'm awake."
    "She bolts upright and stands to attention, even though she's still bleary eyed."
    a"Uh..."
    a"Hi."
    "She blinks a couple of times, as if she doesn't recognise me."
    "Then she suddenly gasps."
    "At that moment I notice too, I haven't seen or even spoken to Meiko for years now."
    b"Takeru..."
    a"Yeah, it's been a while, Meiko."
    ab"Where did you go"
    "Both of us ask the same question, in turn Meiko's cheeks flush a little and there's no doubt mine are doing the same."
    "We both awkwardly laugh to ease the tension."
    "A few seconds pass and Meiko just darts her eyes to the side of me."
    "I don't think either of us want to answer that question."
    "It's like we've already made a silent agreement not to."
    b"So why are you back?"
    "The one question I didn't want to hear."
    "Why am I back here?"
    a"I ran into some issues... at my old school."
    "She deserves to know that much, but I can't bring myself to tell her anymore."
    b"Mhmm."
    "She accepts my answer without prying, and for that I'm thankful."
    "I guess that after all this time Meiko hasn't changed at all."
    a"So have you been doing much since I last saw you?"
    b"Well as you can probably tell, I'm part of the student council."
    b"Apart from that, I haven't done anything interesting."
    "I accept her answer for now, I know it's hard to recall every major event in your life for the past five years."
    "Mostly because I just tried to."
    b"Anyway, do you have something you want to ask about? I can show you around the school if you'd like, give you a bit of a tour?"
    a"Sure, actually that would be pretty helpful, the amount of times I've gotten lost these past two days would probably surprise you."
    b"Well then, it's my duty as a student council member to help you out."
    "Meiko reaffirms her position and puffs her chest out a little, it looks like she's proud of her position."
    "That makes me curious about where the other members are."
    "The room is empty apart from us two."
    a"Where is everyone else?"
    "Meiko looks around the room, though I'm sure she already knows we're the only ones here."
    b"They're probably all just slacking off, well not really though. The closest thing we have to prepare for right now is the school festival, and even that's in a while."
    b"So let's go, I've already finished up here for today."
    b"You don't have anything else this afternoon right?"
    a"Nope, not really."
    b"Great, then let the tour begin."
    "Meiko stands from her desk and walks straight out of the door, expecting me to follow."
    "Being with her has a familiar nostalgic feel to it."

    "The "tour" that Meiko conducts literally consists of her pointing and naming faraway objects."
    "We soon pass the old building, the place where Hikari often sits."
    "I wonder if she's still there right now."
    "Unconsciously, I begin to stare at it while slowing my pace."
    a"Hey, what about that place?"
    b"Oh right, I should definitely tell you about that one."
    b"That's the oldest building in the school."
    b"Most of the other ones have had at least their insides renovated since the fire last year."
    a"Woah there was a fire last year?"
    b"Oh, you didn't know?"
    "I can't believe I've never heard about it either."
    a"Yeah, I had no idea."

    b"Most of the school was here that day, including me."
    b"It started pretty abruptly."
    b"We didn't notice anything until it was too late."
    b"In a lot of places the fire was truly blazing out of control."
    b"The landscape you see around you today would be a different one than if you were to come here a year ago."
    b"Some buildings had to be demolished entirely as they were reduced to just a few columns and pillars of ash."
    b"It happened on the day of the school festival."
    b"It's been hard for us, a lot of stalls will need to be checked several times a day for safety hazards in case another fire breaks out."
    b"We've all been working hard on it because no one wants a repeat of last year."
    b"We can't afford another disaster like that."
    "Meiko's expression turns grim as the last sentence exits her lips."
    a"Did they ever find out what caused the fire?"
    b"I'm not sure, but I heard the investigators couldn't find any definitive evidence, so it's assumed that one of the cooking stalls caused it."
    b"The most likely scenario was that someone left their station while food was cooking, until it eventually burnt and caught fire."
    b"That's just an assumption though."
    "Meiko's cheerfulness has completely dissipated."
    "We'd actually stopped moving when she started to speak about the festival."
    "I'm still focussed on the older building that managed to survive."
    "Actually, Hikari had those burn scars didn't she."
    "She couldn't have gotten them from that fire..."
    "Could she?"
    "Meiko did say most of the students here would remember the fire, meaning they would've also witnessed it."
    "I'd ask Hikari about it, but I don't really want to bring that subject up with her."
    a"Do you know of a girl named Hikari?"
    b"...?"
    b"So you do know about that day?"
    b"Everyone evacuated the school safely without harm."
    b"Everyone except for the only sole casualty Hikari."
    b"We held a funeral at the school, everyone attended it, even though it wasn't mandatory."
    b"I suppose you must've heard about it from someone..."
    "Did she just say... Hikari?"
    "There's no way... that's impossible isn't it?"
    "I just spoke to Hikari before coming here."
    "She must just be talking about a different Hikari right?"
    b"Takeru, are you feeling alr---"
    "Meiko gives me a light tap on the back."
    "Her mouth is still moving but I can no longer understand the words that are coming out."
    "I try to convince myself that Meiko is talking about someone else."
    "But somewhere in my soul I know it's true."
    "The girl I was talking to a few hours ago is no longer alive?"
    "And she hasn't been for almost a year now?"
    "But I can't just accept this."
    "I'm witnessing two different realities."
    "So which one can I call real?"
    "Meiko starts to shake me as she's still saying something."
    a"Huh?"
    b"Takeru, you look like you've seen a ghost, are you feeling ok?"
    "A ghost..."
    "Is that it?"

    "I make it back to the dormitory with the only thing on my mind being Hikari."

    "I toss and turn in my bed, just trying to get to sleep."
    "But no matter what I do, Hikari refuses to leave my head."
    "A couple of times I almost managed to convince myself that Meiko was talking about someone else."
    "But that that never lasted more than a few seconds."
    "The idea that she could actually be a ghost?"
    "There's no way that could be true, ghosts aren't real."
    "But the more I look at what's been happening the more I can't find any other answer."
    "The story all fits, unless for some other reason there is another girl named Hikari with burn scars, staying in solitary confinement in that room."
    "It's 2 in the morning and I know I'm not getting any sleep tonight."
    "I have to know the truth."
    "I need to know."

    "I somehow manage to slip out without Kenta waking up."
    "For the first time since getting here I break into an all out sprint."
    "It's a full moon today, and my path is illuminated before me."
    "The streets are completely empty and for some reason that soothes me."
    "It's incredibly peaceful at this time of night, though the tranquility of 2am doesn't phase me at all right now."
    "I'm too focussed on my goal to pay any attention to anything else."
    "The world flies by in a blur as I reach my destination in record time."
    "I only begin to slow down when I notice the gates are locked."
    "In hindsight, I probably should have been prepared for this."
    "The only thing I have on me is a torch."
    "How can I get past those gates with that?"
    "The wind suddenly starts howling at my back."
    "It's almost like it's telling me to..."
    "Would that even be possible?"
    "The gate looks like it's easily two metres high."
    "Normally I wouldn't even consider this as an option, but right now I'm pretty desperate."
    "I guess it's do or die."
    a"Hup!"
    "It almost looks promising for a second as I sail upwards."
    "Almost."
    a"Oof!"
    "I land with my back lying flat on the dirt."
    "Thank god nobody was around to see that."
    "With a little bit of effort I'm on my feet again."
    "Luckily I didn't break anything."
    "As I brush off the dirt a warmth reaches my hand from within my side pocket."
    "After a few seconds of processing I realise what it is."
    "It's Hikari's map, I left in here from before."
    "For some reason it's warm to touch despite only having my body temperature to heat it."
    "I shine the torch on it to get a better look."
    "A new route has appeared on the map..."
    "No longer are the arrows leading form my classroom to the student council room."
    "They're showing a path, a way to enter the school!"
    "I'd be more shocked by the strange autonomous aspects of this map if I wasn't expecting to be meeting with a ghost in just a few moments."
    "If someone had asked me about all of this just this morning I'd probably tell them there's no way something like this would happen."
    "But it is."
    "Following the map I make my way around the school boundary, eventually reaching a small man-sized hole in the fencing."
    "I have to get down to a crawl but just manage to make it through."

    "The school is quite eerie at night time."
    "School's always feel so strange when nobody else is around."
    "I'd say it's a little like looking at an ocean with no water."
    "Students and school go together like water and ocean."
    "I'm the one standing in the empty ocean."
    "I forcibly suppress a shiver as I walk towards the old building that Hikari occupies."
    "Every nerve stands on edge as I arrive at the door."
    "Should I really even be here?"
    "No, there's no way I can back out now."
    "With one final, deep breath, I push it open."
    "To reveal an empty table and tea se-"
    "Oh right."
    "Impatiently I stride across the room and thrown open the curtains once again."
    "Through the moon light I can once again see Hikari at her table."
    "Thankfully she's still here."
    "Her presence here only reaffirms the question of her mortality."
    "She appeared right in front of my eyes."
    "But this time she has a sorrowful smile on her face as she returns my gaze."
    i"Welcome Takeru."

    "We sit at the table in silence."
    "I don't know if it's because we both understand what's going on, or if it's because we don't know what else to say."
    "But neither of us open our mouths."
    "For some reason I'm not panicking like I thought I would when I found out."
    "Perhaps the shock just hasn't gotten to me yet."
    "Meanwhile Hikari has her head resting on her arms on the table, facing me."
    "Her eyes look as if they're clouded with some unseen pain."
    "After a few minutes like this I can no longer stand it."
    a"So how did you return?"
    "Something akin to a sob catches in her throat as she answers."
    i"I don't know."
    "Her voice is so quiet I barely catch it."
    "It's obvious that this is a painful topic for her."

    #"What do I do?"

    #(Maybe insert a choice here)

    a"You don't have to talk about any of this if you don't want to."
    i"No, I should explain."
    i"You're the only person in the past year who I've been able to speak to on more than one occasion."
    i"Sometimes a student will notice me if I roam the school, whether I acknowledge them back or not it always ends the same."
    i"They always forget about my existence the day after."
    "Her tone is pained as she speaks the last sentence."
    "I wonder if I'll also forget this conversation..."
    "I know she's worried about that too."
    "But from what it sounds like I may be the exception."
    "For what reason, I have no clue."
    "Hikari is crying in front of me."
    "Her eyes are slowly filling with tears while we sit here in the moonlit room."
    "But she doesn't look so depressed anymore."
    "Maybe because this is the first time as a ghost she's been able to share a moment with someone else."
    "With that idea I reach over to her shoulder."
    "my hand goes straight through."
    "My hand instinctively retracts itself upon misjudging the surface."
    "I forgot she was a ghost..."
    a"Uhm, uh, sorry, I didn't mean to, uh..."
    "My tongue refuses to cooperate as I try to apologise."
    "Surprisingly she doesn't break down and rush out the door."
    "Instead she starts giggling."
    "Before long she breaks down into an all out guffaw."
    a"Huh?"
    i"Oh sorry, it's just, your face when you did that...ppff hahahaha."
    "Despite how ridiculous it sounds, I could swear that the room lit up at that moment."
    a"Hikari huh..."
    "I think I can see why she's called that now."
    "TL Note: Hikari means light."
    "I realise this is the first time I've actually tried to touch her."
    "For whatever reason it never even crossed my mind that she couldn't touch anyone."
    "It's at this moment that the reality of her situation slowly sinks in..."
