    "By the time I step outside of the school gates it's already dark."
    "It's still fairly early but Winter keeps the sun down for most of the day."
    "But with it being this dark there aren't too many people out."
    "The pathway ahead of me is only lit by a single dull streetlight."
    "It's cold out here, but it gives me time to think about what's happened over these past few days."
    "Already I've learnt a lot about this place."
    "The school, the area, the activities..."
    "Though most importantly, the people."
    "INSERT GIRL WITH MOST POINTS HERE..."
    "Thinking back on my old life."
    "I still don't know which I prefer."
    "I lean against the bridge's fence next to me as I search through my jacket pocket."
    "I pull out my wallet and take out a photo from the side section."
    "I don't know why I still have this photo."
    "It's something I'd honestly rather forget."
    "I'm sure everyone in it wishes to forget about me."
    "So why do I still hold on to it?"
    "Like a memory I hold precious, that no longer exists."
    "It's the most painful sense of nostalgia anyone could have."
    "When this picture was taken, those times were definitely better than today."
    "But I can't ever go back to them."
    "I tear the photo up, at first in half."
    "Then into quarters."
    "Eights."
    "Sixteenths."
    "The fragments grow smaller and smaller until I can't recognise anything more than a few blotches of colour on several pieces of paper."
    "I release them from my grip, the wind taking them from my possession."
    "The spots of colour shrinking smaller and smaller as they float down into the deep flowing dark below."
    "This is the last memory of the past I still have."
    "It pains me to see it lost so easily."
    "But I'm somewhat relieved now that it's over."
    "It was easier to do than I'd expected."
    "I remember my parents words."
    "It's time to go home."
    "Maybe those will words will come true some day."
    "I push off the bridge railing and begin to walk again."
    "Though this time in the direction of the dormitory."
    "It'll be past curfew fairly soon, it'll be bad if I don't make it back in time."
    "A fierce small impact places itself on my back."
    "My feet stumble forward from the impact as a searing pain shoots through my back."
    "What... did something hit-"
    "Another intense spot of pressure, this time on my arm."
    "I quickly reach for the burning spot to ease any amount of pain."
    "I can't tell what's going on, it's too dark around me."
    "Another one, this time crushing my stomach."
    "I cough and splutter, this time falling to the ground as I gasp for air."
    "I'm winded, and feel like I'm about to throw up."
    "I can't feel anything but the three sources of seething pain."
    "In my blurred vision I see a single baseball rolling away from my body."
    "Even in my beaten up state, I know what's going on now."
    "Revenge."
    "I try to pick myself back up but there's no away I can manage in this condition."
    "Each ball must've hit me at upwards of 140km/h."
    "Each in a direct hit."
    "I'm only lucky that I haven't been hit in the head yet."
    "I can only guess who's come to claim their victory over me."
    "I move my legs across the floor in an attempt to crawl."
    j"Trying to escape again are we Ichiro?"
    j"There's no way we'd let that happen again."
    j"You've ran far enough."
    j"Now it's our turn."
    "I notice the three figures standing above me. I hadn't anticipated these three."
    "I expected only one."
    "They pull the jacket off of me and throw it off the bridge."
    "Their faces are just a few of those spots of coloured sheets, now flowing down the river."
    "I don't know who's doing what anymore, all I feel is the weight of their boots digging into my sides."
    "There's nothing more for me to do."
    "I can't fight them in my current condition, and it's 3v1 anyway."
    "I cough up blood onto the sidewalk."
    "Will I even get out of this alive?"
    "I'm just a rag doll now. Waiting for it to be over."
    "Maybe this is just part of moving on."
    "Though it's more likely that my past has come back for me."
    "I want to escape."
    "One final assault from all of them leaves me in agony lying on the cold concrete."
    j"Now maybe you can begin to realise what you've done to us."
    j"Goodbye Ichiro."
    "I don't know why they stopped."
    "I turn my head to the other side to check if they're still there."
    "I hear something snap back into place as my neck moves to the other side."
    "It hurts, though no more than the rest of my body."
    "The guys who beat me up... they're all gone."
    "I slump back down and try to relax."

    "I open my eyes to an unfamiliar white room."
    "It's a place I've never been to before."
    "But I can tell, I'm lying in a hospital bed."
    "Luckily there are no tubes entering my body."
    "I'm relatively comfortable in the soft bed, though I can still feel my body aching."
    "It's hard to sit upright but I manage to move my back far enough to inspect the entire room."

    #Highest point girl meets you here
    "INDIVIDUAL GIRLS HERE"
