label KentaWakeUp:
    "It's lights out now, but I'm having trouble falling asleep again."
    "I'm supposed to be starting school again tomorrow."
    "I wonder if things will be okay?"
    "I haven't even spoken to anyone of my age in a while."
    "I think it's been around a month."
    "Since I was diagnosed with schizophrenia."
    "It's a mental disorder characterised by failure to understand reality."
    "I'm someone who can see things other people don't see."
    "...can't see."
    "There's no cure for shizophrenia but there is medication to treat it."
    "Without medication, I struggle with a lot more than just seeing what's real."
    "They put me here ever since they realised I was like this."

    "My time in this ward has been mostly spent in my own solitude, doing the tests I've been assigned to help diagnose and categorise my problems."
    "It's hard for me to keep track of all the time wasted."
    "Each day passes like the last, I keep my eyes on the clock on the wall, just waiting."
    "Though if you asked me what it was that I was waiting for, I wouldn't be able to answer."
    "The doctor steps into the room with his familiar smile and clipboard wrapped underneath his right arm."
    dc"Hello Takeru, how are you feeling today?"
    "It's supposed to be part of the therapy, but he always asks questions that make no sense to me."
    a"I uhhh..."
    dc"It's ok, you don't have to force yourself."
    dc"How about we try something fun today?"
    "I sit back in the hospital bed, not particularly caring much about anything."
    "In my time here not a single person has visited."
    "The only people who have been in this room in the last month are myself, the hospital staff, and my parents who occasionally visit whenever they're not too busy with work."
    "They tell me all about what I've been missing out on, the stuff I had to give up when I came here. From start to finish our conversations mostly consist of small talk."
    "Even my parents have become distant, I can tell they choose their words carefully, not like they used to."
    "It's like they're fishing for some sort of phrase that won't offend me, one that might cheer me up a bit."
    "Though their efforts always fall on deaf ears."
    dc"Takeru?"
    a"Oh uh yeah... sorry what did you say?"
    "He writes something down on the clipboard while still spouting words from his mouth."
    dc"I said we'll try something fun today, You'll be leaving soon and you've never really had answers for me anyway."
    dc"Am I right?"
    "I nod my head."
    dc"So as our last day together I wanted to ask you this one last question."
    dc"I will answer one single question for you to the best of my ability. So, do you have a question for me?"
    "A question...?"
    "I have asked him a few questions over my time here, as anyone would."
    "But when dealing with me, people never tell me anything straight."
    a"D-do you think I'm normal?"
    dc"No. You're very far from it."
    "He stands up after the brief response and leaves without another word."

    "Due to the circumstances, I'd already left my old school by the time I'd entered this white walled fortress."
    "Yesterday I was told I'll be going to a place called Mirako High School."
    "Supposedly it is a place that helps people like me."
    "It is a high school designed for people like me."
    "The 'mentally ill' of the public."
    "I suspect it's supposed to function in a way that makes all of the 'different' people feel like they belong."
    "I worry that it could just end up being a place that does the exact opposite."
    "But despite my worries, I want to leave this ward as soon as possible."
    "Tomorrow is supposed to be my next transition to becoming normal again."
    "Since then I've been in recovery, trying to fix whatever went wrong inside of me."
    "Of course I regret what happened, but I know others regret my actions even more."
    "The doctor told me to just forget about what happened and focus on what lies ahead."
    "But I wonder if that is enough."
    "I think I should listen to what the doctor tells me to do."
    "After all, I've already seen the effects of listening to myself."
    "Things will be fine if I take my medication and focus on the future."
    "I repeat the doctor's words in my head, like I have a thousand times before."

    "Schizophrenia has only been a recent thing for me, I was completely normal until just over a month ago."
    "Nobody has asked me yet, about how I can actually believe half of the things I claim to see or hear."
    "But the expression on my parents' faces... I know they must have that question on their mind."
    "But they never ask."
    "How can I think a voice is real, despite there being no one around me to speak?"
    "Or how I can see a person's face begin to bubble violently, more and more as their anger grows."
    "Well, the voices, visions and hallucinations aren't so obviously different from real life."
    "The best I can explain it to a regular person is like this:"
    "It all feels like a dream."
    "In a dream you naturally accept that everything you see, hear and feel is real."
    "No matter how completely bizarre and unrealistic the dream becomes."
    "You don't usually realise how bizzare it all was until you wake up."
    "And you might wonder to yourself: 'How could I have ever thought that was real?'"
    "That's what the hallucinations are like."
    "But most of the time, I don't wake up."
    "The medication is like caffine or anti-sleeping pills if you compared it to a dream."
    "Though they don't actually give me insomnia,"
    "they stop me from dreaming."

    show bright
    with dissolve
    play music "Casa Bossa Nova.mp3" fadein 10.0
    "The light is blinding."
    "I struggle to open my eyes, and end up squinting instead."
    "...Hmm"
    "Thump!"
    "I feel something strange on my head, like a weight has just been dropped on it, but the feeling vanishes after a few moments."
    "—Thump"
    "There it is again."
    "Thump—"
    "...Come on, I just got here... I don't want to go to school yet..."
    "--Thump"
    "I spent all of last night moving all of my stuff to this place."
    "Thump--"
    "It doesn't seem like it cares whether or not I deserve more sleep..."
    "Thump--thump"
    "I can't be late on my first day though... what a pain."
    "Guess I have no choice."
    "Thump, thump, THUMP!"
    a"Ow ow oowwww! Hey, knock it off already!"

    show Bedroom
    "I open my eyes completely, finding myself in an unfamiliar room with a throbbing forehead."
    "While I feel like I may just have got a concussion, I'm now fully awake."
    "I have to remind myself where I am."
    "That this is my new home."
    "As of today I officially live here at this dormitory."
    "----a fist comes rushing toward my head without warning."
    "I instinctively lift up my arm to block it."
    "In my sleepy daze I manage to deflect it, instead of hitting my face, the fist lands on my pillow, just inches away from my head."
    a"Hey come on, I'm up---I'm up, you see! All awake now!"
    "I push my body up from the bed while waving my hands around."
    k"Good morning."
    "I look up at the tall guy looming over my bed."
    "He stares at me for a few seconds, I feel like I'm under some sort of microscope."
    "His face breaks out in a grin as he puts his hand out for a handshake."
    "I put my own out, to be polite and for no other reason."
    k"I don't think we've properly met yet have we?"
    k"What's your name?"
    a"Ichiro Takeru."
    k"Mine's Undou Kenta, you can call me whatever you like."
    "After the brief introduction Kenta moves off to the other side of the room, probably getting ready for school but I can't say for sure."
    "He's already dressed in my new school's uniform."
    "It's hard for me to remember when my head's all beaten up, but I'm pretty sure this guy is my roommate."
    "I only met him briefly last night before going to bed, for some reason he got back pretty late."
    "And when I say 'met' I mean I got woken up in the middle of the night by his entrance."
    "I can only hope he isn't like this every morning."
    "Though judging from his new facial expression, he doesn't seem all that scary."
    k"Come on then, we don't have much time."
    k"You needed a wake-up call, so I provided, considering that it's your first day."
    k"I wouldn't mind much if you missed out, though. You can always have your first day tomorrow, or the next day, or the next."
    k"But I wouldn't leave it too long. At that rate, you'd never finish high school."
    "I'm not entirely following this guy. I'm not sure if he's being serious or not, but I don't think it's safe to ask."
    "I search the room for my clothes, I don't have time for a shower or breakfast."
    "My suitcase is to the side of the clothes draw. Last night I didn't get enough time to finish unpacking everything, so my uniform should be in here somewh--"
    "--All of my clothes are gone."
    a"Hey, you don't happen to know what happened to my clothes do you?"
    "Seemingly focused on something else, Kenta just stares off into the distance."
    a"Hey Kenta, are you alright?"
    k"Oh, you were talking to me?"
    a"There's no one else in the room..."
    k"Hmmm?"
    a"Nevermind."
    a"Yeah, do you know where my clothes are?"
    k"Oh those things, yes I do know what happened to those. Last night I saw your clothes lying about next to the draws so I figured I should sort them out. It got to me, you know?"
    a"Ok. So... where are they?"
    k"I organised them."
    "I pull a draw out on my side, they're nowhere to be seen."
    a"Where?"
    k"Oh they're not over there, they're in these draws. I had to colour code them together or else there wouldn't be enough space."
    a"Huh?"
    k"I said they're in these draws, on this side, I had to colour code them together or else there wouldn't be enough space."
    a"No, no I got that part."
    a"But why did you mix my clothes with yours, that is your side isn’t it?"
    k"Like I said, there wouldn't be enough space."
    a"But I have an entire side over here, completely empty."
    k"Oh sorry, I forgot you didn't already know."
    k"Allow me to explain. Before you got here, I was alone in this room."
    k"And that space over there is for my collections, I've got some pretty cool stuff you know?"
    k"I had to make some sacrifices by making some room in the clothes draws, and I even gave up a collection draw for your stuff."
    k"Don't worry, I understand how much space one man can need for his things."
    "I quickly pull open the other 3 draws on my side. They're full of displays, fit with individual coins in each section."
    "This guy has to be joking, right?"
    "Collecting coins has been a dead hobby for decades."
    "And even back then it was lame."
    k"You seem to have taken a interest in the 1956 set, a very keen eye you have there."
    k"I can tell you a bit about those if you like. You see, the metal composition of coins in the---"
    a"No no no stop! Please, Kenta, just tell me some other time."
    a"I need my uniform right now or else we'll both be late."
    k"Ah don't worry about finding that, I've got you covered."
    "He pulls out my uniform from the draw labelled 'darks'."
    k"Here you go. Better be quick, otherwise I'll leave without you."
    "I quickly grab the clothes off Kenta and rush into the bathroom to change, as he showed no signs of averting his eyes or leaving the room himself."
    a"Hey, your shirt's inside out, you might want to fix that while I'm changing."
    k"Oh darn, that's the third time this week."
    "I can't imagine what he's done, considering it's Monday today."
    "But there's no time to think about that."
    "I shut the bathroom door behind me, I can’t help but feel a little relieved that I’ve escaped Kenta’s presence, if only for a brief while."
    "I take a look at myself in the mirror as I begin to get ready. I sigh as I take note of the new background behind me."
    "I'm the same person, everything else is different."
    "It's just one thing on the list of things I have to just accept and get used to."
    "My breath condenses on the mirror pane in front of me. It's incredibly cold this morning."
    "I splash my face with the ice cold water as I inspect the rest of myself."
    "While the cold water is uncomfortable, it does do a great job at waking me up."
    "Luckily my forehead isn't bruised from the beating it took this morning. I don't know what I would've done if I had walked into class with a purple forehead."
    "My hair is disheveled. Even after brushing, it still doesn't sit right."
    "It's never really sat well before anyway."
    "I guess this place doesn't have any heaters, unless Kenta is against having them on for whatever reason."
    "At this point I wouldn't be surprised."
    "Giving up on my hair's position, I just have to change into these clothes quickly before I freeze to death."
    "I grab the bottle of pills out of the cupboard I put them in last night."
    "I stare at the bottle for a short while. I'm still getting used to having to take daily medication."
    show shade
    centered"{color=#f00}Don't take them.{/color}"
    centered"{color=#32CD32}I need to.{/color}"
    hide shade
    "I down the two pills with the help of some water."
    "This routine reminds me of my time in the psychiatric ward, where they would bring in two pills each morning and ask me the same series of questions."
    "The one that resonated the most with me was: 'How do you think you are feeling?'."
    "I could never answer that question truthfully, answering terrifyingly deathly ill would just increase my stay, and I couldn't bring myself to blatantly lie out of fear of the consequences."
    "And in all of the clutter the best answer I could ever find was: 'I don't know.'"
    "It looks like 'I don't know' is the best way to describe myself now too."
    "Already this morning has been crazy, it's pretty different to my old life... Well, at least Kenta is different to anyone I've ever met before."
    "I wonder what everyone else is like, considering the school specialises in those with... issues."

    "After I'm finished I unlock the door and step outside to find Kenta waiting for me patiently, this time with his shirt on the right way."
    k"Alright, let's go."
    a"Sure, just let me grab my bag."
    "Being my first day, my bag is almost entirely empty, apart from a few empty notebooks and pens."
    "I grab my school sweater and quickly put it on."
    a"I'm ready now."
    "Kenta leads the way out into the hallway, it seems we're the last ones to leave judging from the lack of noise around us."
    "Now that I think about it, Kenta is actually pretty considerate, waking me up and waiting for me... he even organised my clothes for me, though not in the way I exactly wanted."
    "In any case his intentions have been good, I was having second thoughts this morning about having him as a roommate."
    "But I guess he’s not too bad."
    hide Bedroom

    jump Day1Walk
