label Day1Walk:
    "The mountains ahead burst with light as the sun rises behind them."
    "The sight blinded me, I haven't seen the sun rising over mountains for a long time."
    "A warm nostalgic feeling rushes over me."
    with fade
    show Street
    show tired
    "I wipe my eyes and rub the sleep away while my eyes attempt to adjust to the brightness."
    "The fresh air is even colder outside, but it's refreshing to be breath in. It's different to the air I've become accustomed to."
    "Which way to school...? My memory struggles to remember where exactly I should be going."
    "I'm sure it can't be too far away considering I live at a dormitory but that doesn't help all that much."
    "I'd ask one of the students there but they've all already left without me."
    "So the only person that leaves is Kenta, who is conveniently walking right next to me."
    "I have a strange feeling that he might not be leading me to school, but I have no idea where else we could be going."
    "Despite my previous knowledge of this town's geography I have no idea where we are right now."
    "I suppose things change a lot in a year, and I never visited this area before that anyway."
    a"Hey Kenta, we are heading toward school aren't we?"
    k"Of course."
    a"Sorry, I was just wondering, I thought more students would be around at this time, going to school too."
    k"Not at this time no."
    a"Hmm? Why's that?"
    k"We're late."
    "He says it in such a carefree way that I can't help but feel a little mad about what's happened this morning."
    "Kenta must be someone who doesn't care an awful lot about their attendance record."
    "Although I wouldn't necessarily say that I'm someone who does."
    "I suppose it is mostly my fault for not getting up early enough."
    k"If you don't want to be late again I'll wake you up earlier next time, if you'd like."
    "The picture of a bruised, purple forehead fills my mind."
    a"No, no, no Kenta that's alright I'll just set my alarm and everything will be fine."
    a"You shouldn't need to worry about waking me up."
    "Kenta just nods his head as we continue our steady pace through the empty street."
    "I’m reassured by his nod but I don’t entirely trust that he agrees with my request completely."
    "At least the walk gives me a chance to sort through my conflicting feelings."
    "I’m a little anxious about this new school and the students who attend it."
    "I used to know a lot of people from this town well, but I haven’t really spoken to anyone from here in a while."
    "Along the way I notice the construction workers demolishing an old traditional home."
    "That seems to be the case around here nowadays, lots and lots of new developments."
    "I suppose the average person wouldn't notice but I'm different, I haven't been here in almost two years, so I can see clearly how everything is changing."
    "It's strange when I think about everything that's been built in that time."
    "It's like my entire model of what I thought this place was has been tossed out and remade, within a few seconds of coming back and seeing it all."

    with dissolve
    "My eyes are drawn to the only other person in the street apart from Kenta and I."
    "Across the road there's a girl, in a school uniform."
    "She looks familiar, I'm sure I know her from somewhere."
    "Being this late, there shouldn't be many people around."
    "But despite that, she's standing there."
    "Alone, waiting to cross the road."
    "My vision quickly sharpens as I move closer to the girl."
    "She has straight brown hair hanging down just past her shoulders and calm green eyes... She looks around my age... I know I recognise her. I just can't quite put my finger on who she is exactly."
    "A part of me hopes I don't know her, this place was meant to be a new start for me."
    "A place where I can forget about the past."
    "I try to stay away in a hope to avoid catching her attention."
    "She doesn't seem to notice me."

    k"Huh, so you've got your eyes on her then?"
    a"Oh ---uhh no, she just ummm..."
    k"Go ahead. Be honest."
    a"No, I just think I know her from somewhere, I can't remember though."
    a"Do you know her name?"
    k"You sure you aren’t interested in her?"
    a"No! Come on, I told you... she just looks familiar..."
    k"Alright, alright. I don't know her by name but I know she's a member of the student council."
    a"Hmm, know anything else?"
    k"I'm not gonna lie, I really don't know all that much about a lot of the people at our school, I just happened to see that girl walking into the student council room recently."
    k"But apart from that I've got nothing else to tell you about her."
    "That doesn't help me at all, I still have no idea who she is."
    "I guess her name will come to me eventually if I really do know her."

    hide Street
    jump Day1Hikari
