label Day1Hikari:
    show School
    "The bell's ringing as we walk through the school gates."
    k"My class is that way, I'll see you later."
    "Kenta says as he abruptly changes course and starts walking away at an extremely fast pace."
    a"O-oh, bye."
    "I call out as he walks around the corner."
    "Damn it! I'm late and I have no idea where to go."
    "Without many options open to me, I sprint off blindly, rapidly sorting through the buildings as I do so."
    "They all look about the same."
    "That's the biggest problem, none of them seem to have been built recently but they don't look especially old either."
    "I've only ever seen this school from afar, when I was a child since I'd sometimes walk past here during the day."
    "The inside is pretty different from what I expected though."
    "It feels lively, but also somewhat empty. It's a hard feeling to describe."
    "Eerie, maybe?"
    "It's also different from my old school, I can't decide whether it's better or worse just yet."
    "Though despite being a hurry, I can already feel this place growing on me, its familiar feel is comforting in a way."
    "Whether it's comforting or not, this is my new life."
    "I can't go back to where I came from."
    "I can't help being a little anxious when I'm surrounded by these thoughts of this new environment."

    "Judging from the sizes of the buildings I can only guess the largest one's for the regular, non-specialised classes, the three stories should be for three year groups."
    "There's a smaller building connected to the large one but it's hard to tell whether it's an entrance hall or administration. It's worth a look in any case."
    "I need to be careful here, since I'm probably the only one out of class at them moment. I cautiously push the door forward, ready to pull back at any moment, just in case I'm not supposed to be here."
    "I take a peek through the slightly open door, it looks like its empty inside, just like the rest of the school grounds."

    show Hallway
    "I step through feeling slightly relieved as I continue the search."
    "The hallway splits off into a few doorways with a staircase going upward at the end of it."
    "Judging from the noise levels, this place was probably an old classroom building, repurposed for some other use."
    "Right now it doesn't seem like any classes are running here."
    "This place doesn't look like administration to me but it can't hurt to search around a little more, especially since it seems empty."
    "All of the doors are open in the hallway except for the one that the end."
    "I peer through all of the open doors, they're all empty."
    "Before I know it I'm standing in front of the closed one."
    "I take a moment to observe the door, the paint is peeling and the handle is rusted, it probably hasn't been opened in a long time."
    "Curiosity piqued I go to push at it."
    "It isn't locked!"
    "A musty smell wafts out as the door creaks open."
    "It looks like a mostly empty classroom, except there are a couple of shelves on the side and a beautiful porcelain tea set sits on a table"
    "It looks like it hasn't been touched for a while"
    "The only set table is the one in the centre of the room that the tea set is sitting on, all the others are stacked up in the corner of the room."
    "Four chairs sit around it."
    "What could they be used for? It doesn't look like this place has been used at all for a long time."
    "There’s no doubt it hasn’t seen sunlight either."
    "I step inside the dark room and make my way towards the curtains on the other side of the room, whilst watching my step with every move forward in the unfamiliar room."
    "I cast the curtains aside, allowing the sunlight to pour through, drenching every corner of the room in light."
    "The features are clear now as I turn around and..."
    "----woah what?"
    "Somehow I hadn't noticed this before, but there's a girl sitting down at the table."
    "Her silver hair and violet eyes glisten in the sun's rays as she sits at the table diligently, she doesn't seem to be paying attention to anything."
    "I could've sworn there was no one in here before I opened these curtains."
    "Maybe it was a little too dark to see...."
    "It seems she missed my entrance the same way I didn’t see her here in the first place."
    a"Hello, excuse me, I'm sorry for intruding..."
    "I try to get her attention but the silver haired girl seems unimpressed, she turns her head toward me with a completely blank face, devoid of all expression."
    i"Hello."
    "The slight movement of her neck and upper body feels unnatural, almost robotic like."
    "But that’s not even the strangest part about her at first glance."
    "Her neck and a part of her lower face is covered in what I can only guess are burn scars."
    "I've seen pictures of them before, red skin with white vein-like lines running through them."
    "I step back as she stares at me, obviously aware of my reaction to the scarring."
    "Realising that I was being rude I quickly bring out an awkward smile as I think of something to say."
    "I’m sure there’s a story behind the scarring that she’d probably rather not share, so I’m going to avoid bringing it up."
    "My throat is a little dry as I attempt to swallow."
    "My mouth struggles to find the right thing to say as I take care not to trip on my own words."
    a"So uh, what were you doing, sitting here on your own?"
    i"This is the only empty building in the school."
    "Her voice is monotone, and her answer doesn't make much sense."
    a"Oh, you like being alone?"
    i"Does a home need to be liked to be a home?"
    "She answers in a strange riddle."
    "I'm not sure..."
    "I stop to think about it for a while, making sure I don't mistake her true meaning."
    "Again she falls back into her default position of disinterest."
    "Regardless of whether she cares about my answer or not, I think I've decided."
    "Does a home need to be liked to be a home?"



menu:
    "It doesn't":
        $ipoints =+ 1
        jump askname

    "It does":
        jump leavebe

label askname:
    a"I suppose not."
    a"But it'd certainly be a lot better for someone to like their home rather than dislike it."
    "She listens to my response and just slightly nods her head twice in satisfaction."

    jump lajoin

label leavebe:
    a"I think so."
    a"I think you should like your home no matter what, it is your home after all."
    "She calmly listens to my words, not responding in any way."

    jump lajoin

label lajoin:
    "I can sense from her point of view this conversation is already over."
    "I standby for a moment as the silence lingers, she obviously isn't too interested in me."
    a"Oh, uh, can I ask, what's your name?"
    "It may have been my imagination but it looked like her eyes flickered a little when I asked that, but it was gone before I could get a closer look."
    i"My name? I don't think anyone knows the answer to to that question. Not even I know anymore, but a long time ago others called me Hikari."
    "Her answers are just as strange as her behaviour."
    a"Nice to meet you Hikari, I'm Takeru."
    "I inwardly groan as I say that, I have no idea how to reach out to someone like this.""
    "It feels like we're completely disconnected from each other."
    i"You’re new around here aren’t you?"
    a"Yeah I am, but how could you tell?"
    i"I haven’t seen you before today, but judging from your presence here I can only guess you must be lost."
    "Wow, she guessed two from two without any hints..."
    a"I’m amazed, you pretty much just summed up my little time at this school so far."
    i"It wasn’t any magic. The only reason anyone would ever come here is if they didn’t know where they were going."
    a"I see, you must get a lot of lost visitors then..."
    i"——————"
    a"Listen, I don’t want to be too much of a bother to you but I have no idea where to go next, could you help me out and tell me where the administration office is?"
    i"Go left, and it's the third building on your right."
    "Her response was fast, calm, dull and calculated."
    a"Ok thanks Hikari, I'll come back and visit later!"
    "She doesn't react in any way as I rush out the door"
    "What a strange encounter."
    "Who exactly was that girl?"
    "Even though she was sitting right there, I didn't see her until I opened the curtains."
    "Oh well, I don't have time for that right now, I know how to get to the administration building thanks to her help."
    "Hopefully someone will be able to help me there."
    hide Hallway
    show School
    jump Day1Class1
