label Day1Class1:
    t"You there!"
    "Instantly, my mind snaps back to the present, as I notice the smiling man strolling towards me."
    a"O-oh, hello."
    t"Now what are you doing outside of class?"
    a"Sorry, I kind of don’t know where I’m going... I’m lost and I uh..."
    t"Are you Ichiro Takeru by any chance?"
    a"Huh? Yeah that’s me, how did you know?"
    t"I was looking for you, you’re in class 3-C, come on this way, everyone's been waiting for you."
    t"Try to prepare yourself for a short introduction of yourself."
    "Without even bothering to see what I do, he turns away and starts walking at a brisk pace."
    show shade
    centered"{color=#f00}You can't do it, nobody is going to welcome you. Why would they?{/color}"
    hide shade
    "I stand still in the hall."
    "I probably shouldn't go to class... he's not looking so I can probably get away if I run now."
    centered"{color=#f00}Run.{/color}"
    "I begin to sweat as my heart begins to race, I can't handle this right now."
    "Maybe I should've stayed in the hospital, I don't think I'm ready yet."
    "I turn around and head for the door."
    "But before I even make three steps-"
    t"Where are you headed off to so quickly?"
    "I freeze completely."
    t"Come on, this way to the classroom, it isn't far from here."

    "I reluctantly follow as I try to organise my thoughts but I simply can't."
    "I’m probably going to have to introduce myself in just a few moments."
    "I didn't expect this all to be done so rushed, that is to say, I'm not prepared at all."
    "I can't mess this up... this'll be my first impression to the people I'll be spending the rest of the year with."
    "My throat is dry already as I enter the classroom."
    hide School
    show Classroom
    "The classroom has a decent amount of students, which makes it all the more worse."
    "I turn to face them and try to prepare myself."
    "At just a glance, they all seem fairly normal, like ordinary students. Supposedly this school specialises in those with mental health problems but it also takes many local students too."
    "I can only guess this is to hide anyones insecurities."
    "If every student was a mental patient I can only guess the first thing anyone would think upon meeting anyone would be: 'What's broken inside of him?'"
    "Luckily this isn't entirely the case, however that doesn't stop the unfamiliar setting and atmosphere of the classroom from making me feel uneasy.""
    "I'm sure at least someone is wondering whether I'm broken or not."
    t"Alright everyone, we have a new student we'll be welcoming today."
    t"Please, make him feel welcome."
    "The class collectively applauds my entrance."
    "They all look pretty interested, analysing every part of me as the newest addition to the classroom."
    "As the noise level calms down, they all anxiously wait for my next move."
    "But I can't think of anything."
    "My heart begins to beat, louder and faster."
    "What am I meant to say here?"
    "What do people usually say in these situations?"
    centered"{color=#f00}I told you, didn't I?{/color}"
    "Any one of them could leap out and attack me at any moment."
    "All of them, they all look just like the people at my old school."
    "Normal."
    show shade
    centered"That's right, {color=#f00}Normal.{/color}"
    hide shade
    a"..."
    t"Try your name first."
    "The teacher mutters underneath his breath."
    "I can feel my mind easing up a little."
    a"Uh, hi, I’m Ichiro Takeru."
    "I pause again, still lacking the ability to process the next thought into words."
    t"How about telling the class about a hobby of yours."
    "This time the teacher spoke his suggestion, allowing everyone to hear."
    a"I play base-"
    "Wait, no... I can't..."
    a"I-I uh... That is..."
    "I stumbled on my own words and I’m failing to think of any other options."
    "What other words start with base? Basement? That doesn’t make any sense, nobody plays basement..."
    show shade
    centered"{color=#f00}Good job.{/color}"
    hide shade
    t"Sorry to cut you off there Ichiro but we’re running a little late, could you take a seat please?"
    a"Ah, sure..."
    "Somehow the teacher answers my prayers, for the second time today he seemingly read my mind. Perhaps he’s just good at reading the situation."
    "He's probably used to students freaking out like this."
    "Well that went smoothly..."
    "I can't help but feel a little defeated by committing the travesty that was my failure of an introduction."
    "But still, I give him a grateful look as I move to the empty seat by the windowsill."
    "Along the way I try to take in as much as I can about the room."
    "There are five rows, with six seats in each."
    "They’re all occupied except for one at the windowsill and another, empty seat beside it."
    "I guess the window seat is always better."
    "I really messed up that introduction but luckily it seems everybody has forgotten about me already."

    "That’s a good thing I guess, less to worry about."

    "Looking at the clock I notice there are only two minutes before lunch."
    "Somewhat disappointed in my lack of social interaction, I only managed a few idle words with some of the more friendly people of the classroom."
    "Luckily it wasn't my own fault, but rather due to the nature of the classes."
    "It was just book work on History and English, no group tasks required."
    "I wonder if I can find anyone to sit with...?"
    "I guess I could go find Kenta... though maybe that's not the best idea."
    jump Day1Lunch
