label Day1Lunch:
    "The bell rings, signaling the start of lunch."
    "That was fast."
    "The room is filled with chatter, after we bid the teacher farewell."
    "With no reason to stay any longer, I head straight out the door."
    n"Hey you! Wait up a second!"
    "Huh?"
    "I turn my head back to see a red-haired girl sprinting at me,"
    a"Whoa!"
    "I pin myself against the wall to avoid the collision."
    n"Nice reflexes."
    "She smirks as she turns to face me."
    a"Ah, thanks."
    "My heart begins to race due to the erratic spontaneousness of her movements."
    n"So new kid, Ichiro, what were you saying before the teacher interrupted you?"
    "Her knowing smirk feels like it pierces straight through me."
    a"Ah, it’s nothing interesting..."
    n"Eh? Come on now, you can tell me, I promise I won’t make fun of you."
    "My eyes dart around, desperately trying to find a way out of this situation."
    "Just outside the classroom, walking past is my way out. I see it."
    a"Hey Kenta!"
    "I yell at him from over the girl’s shoulder."
    k"Hm?"
    "He stops and looks around, as if unsure where the noise came from."
    a"Ah, sorry I got to go now, my friend is waiting for me."
    n"Huh? But we only just met…"
    "Her bottom lip sticks out in a pout."
    a"Ah, maybe some other time."
    "I call over my shoulder as I run towards Kenta."
    n"I’m holding you to that! The name's Haruki Natsumi! You better not forget it!"

    hide Classroom
    show Hallway
    "I finally escape the overly assertive girl, or... I guess I should call her Haruki."
    "I think I need somewhere quiet to escape from everyone, despite not being too involved I've felt like the centre of attention for the entire morning."
    "I still have no idea where anything is though."
    "Not knowing where else to go, I follow Kenta down the corridor."
    a"Hey Kenta."
    k"Woah when did you get here?!"
    "Is he being serious?"
    a"Didn't you notice me before..."
    a"Anyway, thanks for saving me back there."
    k"Huh? I don't remember saving anyone."
    "I think I should stop asking myself that question. Whether I think it or not, Kenta is always serious."
    "I look over my shoulder to make sure she isn't following us."
    a"The girl from my class with red hair, I'm not really too sure about her..."
    k"I could help clear some things up if you'd like."
    a"Uhh no that's ok."
    "We walked for a while longer, completely unfamiliar to my surroundings I'm not too sure where we're going."
    a"So Kenta where are we headed?"
    k"I don't know about you but I'm going to try to solve a problem that's been going on for a while now in this school."
    k"Due to my club-less state I have been assigned with a special duty, that being to protect the school."
    a"Is that like punishment for not choosing a club?"
    k"No no no! It's not punishment, we are the bringers of justice throughout these halls. Believe me this entire place would've fallen to pieces without the INSERT JUSTICE GROUP NAME HERE(Hallway Hero's, Kenta's Knights, School Super Sentai."
    a"Are you going to a meeting right now?"
    k"Oh, uh, no. You misunderstood what I said."
    k"It's just me."
    a"Oh."
    "I'm not sure how I should react to something like that, so I'll ignore it."
    k"Right now we're currently facing a huge issue in the library. Books keep disappearing without being checked out."
    a"Are they ever returned?"
    k"Well that's the strange thing, they're always returned within a few weeks of their disappearance."
    a"I suppose that's not so bad then."
    k"It makes stock taking a true nightmare when books suddenly disappear and reappear with no record."
    k"So I've been assigned with this job to try to solve who, when, where and why this crime is taking place."
    a"Could you really call it a crime?"
    k"This is a serious issue you know? It's definitely a crime, in some circumstances I'd even label it as a tier 2 crime at least."
    a"Alright, good luck then."
    k"Woah hey, you're not going somewhere are you?"
    a"Yeah I am, sorry I've got places to be."
    "I turn down the next corridor as soon as I could to get off Kenta's route."
    "I wanted off of Kenta's Crazy Contingency as soon as possible."
    "I don't have any plans on staying club-less, even if he considers that to be a club."
    "Despite making the correct decision to get away from Kenta I regret the necessity of my choice."
    "Where am I supposed to go now for the rest of lunch?"
    "I shouldn't spend the rest of the day alone."
    "I've been told that many times before."
    "After all, it's the reason I'm here right now."
    "The random corridor I had split off to was a lot shorter and smaller than I had expected."
    "There's only a single room, and a door that leads to the outside."
    "The room looks so out of place, I'm surprised by the strange design of this school."
    "Without the class numbering above the doorway I know it's not even a classroom, and why would it be? Being this isolated."
    "It's my first day, I'm allowed to be curious aren't I?"
    "I check over my shoulder to make sure no one is watching."
    "The corridor is empty behind me."
    "What's there to lose?"
    "I turn the door handle and with just a small push the entire room is revealed to me."
    "I was reminded of the encounter I had with that other girl when I entered the room in the old part of the school."
    "Although this place, while it felt like it was positioned awkwardly from the outside, in actuality it was comfortingly quaint inside."
    "Though just like that other place, there is a girl, also sitting in a chair. Though unlike Hikari this girl is reading a book silently."
    "It seems she hasn't noticed my entrance."
    a"Hello..."
    "The black haired girl's head instantly jumps up out of the book at the sound of my voice."
    "Like she had just been on the verge of sleep but had jerked herself awake, startled suddenly before she could properly fall unconscious."
    "But this girl is anything but drowsy."
    "Her eyes widen upon meeting my gaze."
    "Her head turns to face the carpeted floor as she relocates her focus away from the problem, the elephant in the room."
    "That elephant being me."
    "Despite her effort to hide it, I can tell her face is covered in a bright shade of red."
    "I can't help but feel a little bad, what am I supposed do when someone reacts like this just to a simple hello..."
    "I want to apologise but I'm not exactly sure what makes me feel like I've done something wrong."
    a"Sorry, did I intrude at the wrong time? I'm new here so I wasn't too sure what this place was so-"
    "This time the girl actually jumped up out of her chair to stand."
    h"Sorry... I uhhhmmm, need to go-do something..."
    "She speaks so softly I can barely hear her."
    "Her stride across the room is hurried but graceful as she passes me."
    "I just manage to decipher he soft words but before I can say anything in response she has already escaped."
    "I let out a depressing soft chuckle as I realise I'm alone, yet again, no doubt it probably had something to do with my actions."
    "Feeling somewhat exhausted and guilty I pull out one of the chairs to try and relax."
    "Across from me in the mostly empty room is a table and a large bookshelf going across the side wall, until now I hadn't noticed the large amount of books that lined the shelves due to the other girl's presence."
    "But now that she's gone I feel like I can finally take a look at the rest of the room."
    "All of her belongings are still beside the chair she had been sitting at."
    "I thought the nature of her exit must've meant she was leaving forever, well at least until the end of lunch."
    "But with her stuff all still here, I suppose this must mean she's coming back."
    "In any case I feel like I owe her an apology or at least a few words to clear up what just happened here, I have no where else to go for the rest of lunch anyway."
    "To pass the time I wonder over to the other side of the room, searching the line of books for a title that piques my interest."
    "Just from a quick look I can tell there are a lot of weird titles listed in these rows."
    "The Hidden Measurables, Pure Reason of the Divine, Arcane Paranormals... what are all of these?"
    "Most of the books here look pretty old, and most you wouldn't find at a library unless you were really trying to find them."
    "Though among the odd amount of books in this archive there are still quite a few that look fairly normal."
    "I scan each title, only giving each book the attention it takes to read its title, until I eventually pull out one that looks interesting."
    "As the minutes tick by I find my back slowly sinking into the chair as my eyes quickly scan each page."
    "While my mind is invested into the novel I can't help but wonder where that book-girl went, and whether she'll come back at all."
    "Maybe this wasn't such a good idea, I suppose some people just like to read alone. I should just leave now and not cause her any more trouble."
    "I shift the paperback into its old position on the shelf and then move my body toward the doorway, ready to leave."
    "My hand envelopes the handle, but the door moves without the pull of my own arm."
    "The door's automatic?"
    "The door completes its opening and in front of me is a girl I've never seen before."
    "To my disappointment the door is still very much a manual push and pull type."
    "What is she doing here? I was somewhat expecting the girl from before."
    "Her hair is wet and flowing far past her shoulders and judging from her height and physique she looks a little younger than me."
    "Maybe a first or second year?"
    m"Oh hello, sorry for the intrusion, I just thought someone else might be here."
    a"Sorry, I think I might know the person you're talking about."
    a"She ran off not long after I came here. I guess I must've said something wrong."
    m"No, I doubt that was it. Just don't worry about it, I'll take care of things from here."
    centered"{color=#f00}It's pointless, why would you try?{/color}"
menu:
    "Go with her to find the girl.":
        $mpoints =+ 1
        $hpoints =+ 1
        jump comehelp

    "Leave it to her.":
        jump leaveit

label comehelp:
    a"Hold on, I want to apologise to her. You don't mind if I come along do you?"
    m"Not particularly no..."
    a"Thanks."
    "We walk off away from the old book room no headed in the direction Kenta was previously going down."
    "I can only assume this girl knows where the other has gone."
    m"I'm Hashimoto Mana by the way, you can call me Mana."
    a"Hey Mana, I'm Ichiro Takeru."
    m"I'll call you Takeru then if that's fine with you."
    a"Sure, go ahead."
    a"Sorry I caused this trouble, I'm new here and I'm not too sure what I'm supposed to be doing."
    "She seems to be shivering as we walk, her hair is still wet and it's pretty cold right now."
    a"Your hair, are you sure you don't want to stop and dry it. You look pretty cold."
    m"It's ok, I just came back from swimming. I usually dry off in the clubroom after practice."
    m"I need to find Hagami before that happens though."
    m"It'll be fine, she should be in the library somewhere, she usually goes there if she's not in the clubroom."
    a"So her name is Hagami huh?"
    m"She didn't even tell you that did she..."
    "Mana looks a little disappointed."
    a"No I can't say we had much of a chance to talk before she left."
    a"Is everything alright with her?"
    m"That's not for me to say, though I'll warn you, she's incredibly shy of strangers."
    m"You probably just startled her."
    a"Sorr-"
    m"Don't worry, you didn't do anything wrong. She's just fragile is all."
    m"Everything should be fine though as long as I'm there this time, she's my best friend after all."
    "As soon as we step into the library I'm reminded of Kenta, who has a fairly high probability of being here too."
    "I really don't want to bump into him here, especially not with Mana after I ditched him."
    "Being my first time here I take in the libraries scenery, it's spacious and filled with books as you'd expect from any library."
    "It's not as big nor is it as impressive as my old school's though."
    m"So you said you were new here?"
    a"Yeah."
    m"It's probably your first visit to the library then."
    m"I'll give you a little tour sometime if you'd like."
    m"But for now we need to find Hagami."
    a"Sure."
    m"Her usual spot is just over here."
    "This library is much more like a labyrinth of books than a library. You could easily got lost within the sea of shelves if you took the wrong turn."
    "I don't know who designed this place but I'm glad I have Mana to guide me, she seems to know this place well."
    "I try to keep an imaginary map in my mind of which way to go to get back but that's quickly forgotten."
    "A sanctuary opens, hidden far away from the rest of the school and even the rest of the library."
    "There's just a small opening between the bookshelves that reveals another entire small room."
    a"Pretty good hiding spot."
    m"She comes here because she knows I'm the only other person who knows about this spot."
    a"So why are you showing me?"
    m"You would've turned back a while ago if you weren't concerned about Hagami."
    m"I'm sure about that."
    "She says something I have no response for, I don't exactly know Hagami all that well... maybe it's just curiosity?"
    "We step around the corner into the space between the shelves and sure enough Hagami is sitting on the floor, leaning against one of the shelves."
    "She's completely relaxed while reading a book."
    "The situation is not too different from the one at the start of lunch."
    "Although this time Mana is with me."
    "This time things should go a lot better if what she's said is true."
    "Hagami notices us both immediately, her eyes again widen from the sight of me."
    "And just like before her gaze makes me feel like I've done something awful"
    "Mana sits next to Hagami as she talks to her directly in an attempt to take me out of the situation briefly."
    m"Trust me Hagami he's harmless. He's a nice guy. He came here to see you because he's afraid he's done something wrong to you."
    "She speaks softly but not quiet enough to stop me from hearing her words."

    "After listening to Mana she tilts her head up to look at me."
    h"Are... Are you alright?"
    "She's asking me if I'm alright?!"
    "I came all of this way to set things straight, I was afraid that I may have offended her, but it seems like she's more afraid of offending me."
    a"Yeah, I guess so."
    h"Sorry I ran off like that..."
    "Her voice is soft, but carries her feelings well enough."
    h"I wasn't expecting you."
    h"W-we don't usually get many visitors, that's all."
    h"B-but thanks... for coming."
    "A shy, calm smile slowly appears on her face."
    "I let out a an inaudiable sigh of relief as my worries are laid to rest."
    "It seems she didn't need all that much convincing, or maybe Mana is just good at this sort of thing?"
    "Just from the way they act, I can tell their friendship is strong."
    "It sorta makes me a little envious in a way."
    m"How about we all head back to the clubroom?"
    a"Sure."
    "Hagami also agrees with a slight nod of the head."
    jump eol1

label leaveit:
    "I'm not too interested in getting too far into that girl's personal life."
    "Letting her handle things is probably for the best."
    "Just reading here by myself is fine by me."
    "The minutes of lunch pass by until two figures step through the doorway."
    m"Oh you're still here?"
    "Yeah, sorry, is that a problem?"
    m"No no, not at all."
    h"Sorry I ran off like that..."
    "The black haired girl who ran off before speaks up this time."
    h"I wasn't expecting you."
    h"W-we don't usually get many visitors, that's all."
    h"B-but thanks... for coming."
    "A shy, calm smile slowly appears on her face."
    "I let out a an inaudiable sigh of relief as my worries are laid to rest."
    "From what it sounds like I didn't mess up too badly."
    a"So you two usually stay here for lunch?"
    m"Yup, we do."
    m"By the way, I'm Mana and this is Hagami."
    a"I'm Takeru-"
    jump eol1

label eol1:
    a"Actually now is probably as good as any to ask... What exactly is this place?"
    a"Is it a club?"
    centered"{color=#f00}Nobody wants you in their club.{/color}"
    if mpoints >= 1:
      centered"{color=#32CD32}But I'm interested...{/color}"
      a"I still need to find one."
    elif mpoints >= 0:
       pass

    h"That's a little hard to say... I suppose you'd call it the literature club?"
    "Despite the distance she's keeping between us, Hagami actually answered my question."
    "She's been close to Mana's side this entire time so I didn't expect much of any response from her."
    a"Literature club?"
    a"That explains the copious amounts of books in that small room."
    m"I'm a member but really it's Hagami that love to investigate the mysteries around the school, she's the club president after all."
    m"You might've already figured this out but I'm also part of the swimming club too so I have to manage my time between both clubs."
    a"Wait, this school has club activities at lunch?"
    m"Well no, not technically... but nobody really minds since places like the pool and this room are always open in school hours."
    "The bell rings, signaling the end of lunch."
    m"Shoot, lunch is over already?"
    m"You won't even get a proper introduction tour..."
    m"How about you come some other time and we'll show you around?"
    a"Sure, I'll come back soon."
    m"We'll be looking forward to it, bye then."
    a"See ya."
    "Hagami also manages a quiet wave."
    "Back to class again I guess."
    jump Day1Class2
