label Day1Class2
    show Classroom
    "I arrive at my classroom."
    "No one's here?"
    "Or maybe no one's here... yet?"
    "I didn't exactly get here early or anything."
    "Surely some people would've stayed to eat lunch here."
    "Whatever, it probably doesn't matter."
    "I guess I should just head inside."
    "It's been about two minutes and still no one is here."
    "Maybe I'm not supposed to be--"
    n"Hey Ichiro, what are you doing sitting around there?"
    n"Seriously, you look like a dog who's lost their owner or something."
    "It's Haruki, the girl who stopped me after class before."
    a"Is this not our classroom...?"
    n"You're pretty hopeless aren't you?"
    n"Just come on, follow me I'll show you where you're meant to be."
    n"But be quick, and remember I'm actually pretty late for class too."
    "Before I can even stand from my table Haruki has already made a start toward our new location."
    "Damnit, she's pretty fast."
    "After exiting the classroom I turn to see the back of her head moving around the corner at the end of the corridor."
    hide Classroom
    show Hallway
    "I need to catch up or else I'll never find where I'm supposed to be."
    "The distance between us grows longer and longer as the corridor lengthens."
    "The glass around me begins to fog up."
    n"Keep up!"
    "I swear her voice could be heard from the other side of the school."
    "I can I reach her?"
    centered"{color=#f00}Run.{/color}"
menu:
    "Run":
        $npoints =+ 1
        jump run

    "Walk":
        jump walk

label walk:
    "No..."
    "There's no way I can just run through these halls with classes starting all around us."
    "We'd get caught in an instant, and it's not like I can keep up with her anyway."
    "I try to pick up the pace a little though, being late to class would be pretty bad too."
    "Haruki stops when she realises I'm not running."
    "Oh no, she's coming this way..."
    "A determined stare is plastered across her face as she marches toward me."
    "Her arm grabs my own as her winning smile spreads."
    "I told you to keep up didn't I?"
    "She tugs at my arm as she begins to sprint."
    "From zero to one hundred in a split second."
    "I have two options now."
    "Either be dragged along the floor, or run with her."
    "Rather, I have one option now."
    "I feel like I could trip over my legs at any moment."
    "Or worse I could trip her up."
    "But right now I can only try to keep up."
    "Otherwise this could end horribly, and I know Haruki won't stop until we've reached our destination."
    "It takes a while for me to wind up but I'm matching her pace right now."
    "Each leg springs forward, matching in perfect unison."
    a"Hey... come-on... stop-now... please."
    "I try to speak but end up choking on air as I realise my lungs still need a lot more than I had anticipated."
    "In an instant of reaching a classroom door Haruki stops in front of it with barely a difference in her breath."
    jump runwalkjoin

label run:
    "I know I probably shouldn't run in these hallways but I doubt anyone will see me do it anyway."
    "And they'll get Haruki first if they do."
    "She shouts cheerfully through the hallway, she doesn't seem to care about much around her apart from the game of chase we're playing."
    "There's no doubt at least a few students heard her taunt from inside their classrooms."
    "Luckily no teachers leave their classes to stop us."
    "Although somehow I wish they would, I'm starting to lose breath."
    "I haven't ran like this in a few months, ever since I quit baseball and stopped training."
    "But that doesn't stop me."
    "I push through the discomfort in my throat and gain speed."
    "The distant object of Haruki's body becomes larger and larger as she fills my field of vision."
    "I've caught up to her."
    "The air rushes through my hair against me."
    "I can't lose now, this is my moment."
    "I break past her, continuing to pick up speed as she wades behind."
    "Soon after I pass her Haruki stops running."
    "I have to slow down but I stop just past her."
    jump runwalkjoin

label runwalkjoin:

    "Barely any sweat, no difference in her breathing, compared to my condition, I'm astonished."
    "How can she be like this after we just ran across half the school."
    "She must be some sort of incredible athlete if she can pull that off."
    n"You actually caught up to me... no, you beat me."
    a"It's not like it was a race."
    n"You're right, it wasn't, you were supposed to be following me."
    n"You're pretty good at running, aren't you?"
    a"No... Not really, I haven't ran like that in a long time."
    n"You seemed pretty good though."
    "I can hear angry footsteps coming from just around the corner."
    t"Hey you two! Running in the halls is against the rules!"
    "I guess someone did hear us!"
    "Haruki quickly pulls the door open in throws me inside the classroom."
    hide Hallway
    show Classroom
    "She rushes in right behind me to avoid the teacher."
    "Sure enough the classroom is full of our classmates, though it's actually one of the chemistry labs."
    "Nobody notices us as we enter, they're all too busy working on whatever experiment is going on right now."
    "Our chemistry teacher is just sitting at the front of the room on his laptop. Judging from his involvement in the class he seems to be a pretty relaxed teacher."
    "Haruki tugs on my shirt sleeve and pulls me toward an empty table in the middle of the classroom."
    "The chemicals are already all set out in front of us."
    "I guess I'm her lab partner now?"
    "I don't really know how this happened."
    "I suppose it had to be someone, considering all of the tables have at least two people on them."
    "Maybe she felt sorry for me, seeing that I'd be alone otherwise."
    "Just as we start setting up another teacher enters the classroom's doorway and scans the room with his eyes."
    "But it's not long before he gives up, never finding what he was looking for."
    "Phew."
    "Natsumi whispers in my ear."
    n"Nice work blending in."
    "I'm a little thankful that this entire situation played out how it did."
    "If it weren't for Haruki I probably would've stayed in the classroom for at least a good fifteen minutes until someone came to get me."
    "Then I would've spent the remainder of the lesson alone... probably."
    "The rest of the lesson is uneventful, though from what I can tell Haruki seems to be pretty good at chemistry. She knows exactly what's going on, I guess you could say I have a vague idea in comparison."
    hide Classroom
    n"See ya Ichiro, I'm off to baseball practice!"
    "So she belongs to the baseball club?"
    "She leaves with a hurried step, similar to the way she got here."
    "I suppose that's why she's so fast... her body is pretty athletic."
    "There's no way she was even half trying when we ran through the halls."
    "I won't be following her this time though."
    "I have no club to go to."
    "My only option is to return to the dormitories."
    "I'm pretty exhausted from this first day anyway, an early night's sleep sounds refreshing."
    "I keep an eye out for Kenta after school but don't see him anywhere."
    "I'll be walking back alone."
    jump Day1Sleep
