label TimeRealm1:


    "I don't know how long it's been since that time Saya grabbed my arm."
    "All I know is she's not here right now."
    "Well, nobody is."
    "I can't tell what is around me."
    "It feels a lot like the void between time travel destinations."
    "But in those instances I can see a way out."
    "Some sort of exit."
    "But I'm just floating in the void."

    with dissolve

    "All I can do here is think about what has happened."
    "Am I dead?"
    "Or did Saya send me here for some reason."
    "All I can think about is Setsuko and Maeko, I wonder what they're doing without me."
    "Or how many family is coping without me."
    "I wonder how everyone is doing at home without me."
    "I wish I could find a way out."
    "Someone save me."

    with dissolve

    "I haven't aged at all as far as I can tell, at least not physically."
    "And my body seems to be in working order."
    "But I can feel my mind becoming stagnant, nothing has happened in a long time."
    "I see a light in front of me."
    "Just a small one."
    "Like a distant star."
    "So I try to move toward it."
    "But I can't move myself in this empty space."
    "But still the light was getting bigger, coming closer."
    "I reached the end, hoping that on the other side I might wake up from this terrible nightmare."

    with dissolve

    ###########
    #         #
    #         #
    #         #
  ###       ###
  ###       ###

    play music "scifi.mp3"

    "I met with a dark hooded figure in a metallic blue hallway."
    "It couldn't be? Could it?"
    "It was hard to tell but this person looked a lot like the one who killed Kunikada."
    "I jumped back."
    a"Who are you?!"
    "He stood there with his back facing me."
    a2"We have no time for such queries."
    a2"Listen up, you've been trapped here for 30,000 years and you would've been here for a lot longer if I didn't come to break you out."
    a2"So if you want to make it out alive you need to follow me and forget about any past thoughts you may or may not have had about me."
    a"30,000 years?!"
    a"What happened to the people at home?!"
    "The man stayed quiet."
    "Then made his way down the corridor while checking around corners."
    "He was right, this was not the time to be talking or questioning."
    "I have no choice but to follow."
    "It looks like he's trying to keep quiet but he's moving fast."
    "It's hard to keep up without making noise."
    "We make it to a crossroad in the corridors."
    "There are guards patrolling around, spaced out between the corridors."
    "Are they guards? I'm not sure who they are but they look heavily armoured in their uniforms."
    "We both have our backs to the wall, I look up at the dark figure to seek further direction."
    "I still can't see his face."
    "Can I even trust him?"
    "Maybe he trapped me in that realm? It sounds reasonable since he managed to get me out."
    "He signals with his hand for me to go right."
    "I follow the orders but keep watching him as I go the way he signals."
    "The shadow man easily jumped two metres high and wrapped his legs around the guard's neck."
    "His hand glowed with blue electricity and melted the guard's helmet and face."
    "I couldn't see their face or hear their screams."
    "The glowing hand looked a lot like what Saya used."
    "It looks like he's grabbing his ID so we can access some of the doors around here."
    "He needs to hurry if he thinks we won't be caught though."
    "The dark hood faces toward me and signals me further to come in its direction."
    "I follow through the doorway that opens with ease when the ID card is scanned."
    "Upon entering the door I'm overwhelmed by the floating city seen from this window."
    "I'm 100 percent sure this isn't Earth."
    a"Hey, where is this place?"
    "But the dark shadow continues on, not interested in the view or my questions."
    "But just as we were rushing down the next corridor the entire floating citadel outside flashed out of existance."
    "A void replaced it."
    "The floor and walls shook with major, loud vibrations around me."
    "This place isn't stable."
    a2"Hurry up, we don't have long."
    "I barely have enough time to stand but we have to keep going."
    "Through the next door was a grand hall with seven thrones at the very back."
    "All were empty apart from one."
    "There was also a large pool of some liquid in the centre of these thrones."
    "But there was someone sitting on the third throne from the left."
    a2"Quick run and jump in the pool!"
    "I have to trust his words, there's no one else to trust."
    "There's no time to think about it."
    "I need to get into that pool before anyone else can stop me."
    "The 3rd throne person reacted almost instantly."
    "They rose from their throne, levitating in the room."
    "A flash of black hit me."
    "I woke up, well it's not like that."
    "It's like I blinked and I missed three seconds."
    "The shadow figure and the 3rd were fighting eachother."
    "But it wasn't much of a fight."
    "The dark figure could only attack every three seconds."
    "It was the same for me, I could only take a few steps every three seconds."
    "But from the flashes I saw."
    "In that window of opportunity."
    "The hooded darkness hit hard."
    "That is, if he could."
    "The 3rd was skilled at dodging his attacks, it was easy for him to weave around during those 3 seconds of free movement."
    "There was no way to win this battle."
    "The hooded shade could never defeat such an opponent, if the 3rd wanted to he could easily escape us."
    "But he had something to defend."
    "It was obvious."
    "He was protecting the pool I needed to reach."
    "Bright purple coloured orbs were fired in a flash toward the shadow."
    "He barely had time to raise a sort of barrier field to block the inescapable attack."
    "I just have to get there."
    "Just ten metres left."
    "The fighting continues as the world around me begins to crumble."
    "The roaring battle is loud but it's nothing compared to the collapsing walls closing around us."
    "This world is collapsing."
    "In between the flashes of darkness I see the hooded figure quickly losing the impossible battle."
    "But for some reason, he was sacrificing himself for me."
    "He believes the only victory we can make out of this is if I get out alive."
    "The pool is right in front of me, I could trip and I'd fall in."
    "I jump into the swirling hole."
    "In the corner of my eye I can see my death before me."
    "A purple shot coming straight at me."
    "The 3rd is ignoring the masked man, I'm his only target."
    "But in the next flash I feel the coolness of the pool take my legs."
    "And I can see above me, what was once black."
    "Covered in red, torn in half, flying across the room."
    "It truly was a sacrifice, a fatal one."

    with pixellate
    jump Day5m
