#Planner for stuff that needs to be written in more depth
#_________________________________________________________
#Meet with Hagami and Mana again, they explain the concept of their club, the Paranormal Investigations Club.
#Choice | Wow, That's amazing | Ehhh, I'm not quite following... |
#Have some dumb investigation of a mystery going on in the school
#Be dragged along and end up solving it, turns out not to be supernatural at all

#Have encounter with Natsumi about joining the baseball club
#They need more member to be formally recognised as a club
#Ask MC to join
#Choice | Join the club | Help them find someone else, end up progressing through their route instead |
#Later go with them to ask Kunikada to join the club, (partially to find out more about her, but mostly to get enough members to make a club.)
label Day3:

    "Beep Beep"
    "I've never been so relieved to hear the sound of an alarm clock in my entire life."
    "Last night I actually remembered to set it."
    "Though when I look around the room I notice Kenta is already up."
    "Whatever he does in the mornings still remains a mystery to me."
    a"Good morning"
    "I half yawn, half say my greeting."
    k"You're up early today."

    "This is the earliest I've made it to school."
    "Kenta and I walked to school but we neither of us cared much to start up any conversation."
    "As I enter the classroom I notice Haruki too, thinking back to yesterday afternoon's practice."
    "But she doesn't bring anything up about it, maybe she didn't see me watching."
    "The morning classes pass by quickly and I find myself yet again wondering where I should go for lunch."
    "Well I got sidetracked yesterday, but originally I had planned to go sit with Hagami and Mana..."
    "It's not too bad of an option, and besides, it's not like I have that many to choose from."

    "I find myself in front of the literature clubroom just like two days ago."
    "Now that I think about it, Hagami and Mana probably aren't the only members of this club."
    "Unsure about whoever may be inside, I push the door open slowly, just enough to not be noticed."
    "I peer through the small gap in the doorway and see Hagami in the corner spot of a table, all alone."
    "She’s reading a book, I guess I came to the right place."
    "She seems to enthralled by the contents that she hasn’t even noticed me at all."
    "I’d feel guilty for interrupting her reading… but at this rate it doesn’t look like she’ll ever take her eyes off the page until the book is over."
    "I discuss my options in my head for a moment before deciding on my course of action."
    a“Hey, I'm here again."
    “She jumped up from her seat, as if a bombshell went off right next to her."
    "An instant feeling of regret rushes through me as I remember the last time I did this."
    h"Y-yes..."
    “Her voice was soft and incredibly trembly making it hard to hear her words."
    "But luckily this time, Hagami doesn't seem to want to run away."
    "Though perhaps it's because I'm standing right in the middle of the doorway."
    a"Is Mana coming?"
    "I can't help but notice her absence, after all Mana was the one who invited me."
    "I feel a tap on my back."
    "After turning my back I'm welcomed by the sight of a smiling girl, much shorter than myself."
    m"Hello!"
    "Mana had been right behind me all this time."
    "Bursting with energy, Mana pushes me further into the room and shuts the door behind us."
    m"So, you came today!"
    a"Yeah, well I promised I would, didn't I?"
    m"People don't always come here for a second time..."
    "She looks a little disappointed, but quickly recovers and continues."
    m"Anyway, this means we can finally give you an introduction about this place."
    m"But I'll have to warn you, I might have told you a small lie before."
    a"What? Is your name actually Tomato Kuma?"
    m"Huh? No... what kind of name is that supposed to be?"
    "While I chuckle to myself I notice Hagami also let's out a slight grin."
    "She acts like she's still reading but obviously she's been listening to our conversation this entire time."
    m"It's something about this club."
    a"The Literature Club?"
    m"Well no, that's the thing... We usually call it that if anyone asks because the student council doesn't think we're a legitimate club."
    m"But really what we do here is study the supernatural."
    "Usually I try not to make assumptions of people."
    "But I really can't help it when someone says something like that."
    "But that's probably the reason Mana never told me to begin with."
    "I might as well listen and give her a chance."
    a"The supernatural?"
    a"As in, UFO's, magic and vampires sort of supernatural?"
    m"Well sorta have the right idea, but it isn't exactly like that."
    m"We like to investigate mysterious events and try to find rational explanations for people who come and ask us to figure it out."
    m"And sometimes we find an answer."
    m"But sometimes we simply don't have one."
    m"And usually after that we find some weird stuff that doesn't make any sense."
    m"This place is like our research room, where we try to organise our thoughts and the evidence."
    m"In a lot of cases, this place has even more information than the library does!"
    "My eyes find themselves looking across the lines of books on the shelves that line the wall."
    "Last time I was here it was hard to tell what any of the books meant."
    "But now that I understand, I can see there are grimoires, encyclopedias, and other such large books."
    "The books weird me out a little but both Mana and Hagami don't seem like crazy people."
    m"Anyway Takeru, none of that matters right now, we're in the midst of a crisis."
    m"I feel bad about getting you involved in this mess but Hagami and I just don't know what to do."
    m"Right now our club is under danger of being shut down, because we don't have enough members."
    m"We've been searching for new people, and we tried putting some recruitment posters around the school."
    m"But for some reason they keep disappearing every day after we put them up."
    m"So we need your help! Please!"
    "She stands up and bows her head while putting her hands together as the ultimate form of a request."
    "There's no way I can refuse like this..."
    a"But how am I supposed to help?"
    m"Oh uh, actually I hadn't thought of that just yet..."
    a"What? You haven't thought of it? How am I supposed to help if you don't even know that much."
    m"Hold on one second."
    "Mana quickly rushes to Hagami's side, who is still reading her book."
    "Though she's still definitely engaged in the conversation."
    "Mana whispers something in her ear, to which Hagami becomes excited to hear, but she begins to ponder for a moment after."
    "Not after long Hagami whispers something back to her."
    "Mana looks pleased with the result."
    m"Alright Takeru, Hagami has a good idea."
    m"As a first step we need you to help us investigate the case of the stolen recruitment posters."
    m"We're planning on making a new set of posters and using them as bait after school."
    m"But we're each going to stay positioned around the positioned around the posters to find out just who's taking them down."
    a"Isn't that a little direct?"
    m"Well sure, but it's the simplest way to find them isn't it?
    a"Sorry, but I don't want to be spending the entire afternoon waiting around for someone or something to knock off a few posters."
    m"Please Takeru! We need someone like you or else the posters will keep getting taken down, and then we'll have no chance at keeping our club alive."
    a"Why me?"
    m"What do you expect me and Hagami to do to the person even if we catch them?"
    m"There's no way we could confront anyone about it."
    m"We need someone like you."
    "She puts her hand up to my head to illustrate the true height difference between us."
    "She's right that if someone did come to tear down the posters they could simply sprint off and that'd be it."
    "They might have a better chance with me, it's true."
    m"Please...?"
    "As much as I'd rather do something else, I'm powerless in a situation like this."
    a"Fine, I'll help."


    #Queue Mystery search!
    #Recruitment posters, as well as other posters are being taken down and vandalised all around the school
    #The supernatural clubs posters are included (i.e. something at stake, the club won't properly form otherwise)
    #Club goes to the student council, considering they might do something like that (if a poster didn't fit with the rules)
    #They find out the student council doesn't know why posters are being ripped down from the boards
    #Student Council president eventually says they have solved the mystery, and that it was actually one of their members who was doing it
    #That member was kicked out of the student council as a result
    #Club goes to interview them about what happened, still not satisfied with the evidence
    #Club keeps searching for answers, until eventually they come close to proving that it was actually the student council leader all along, plotting to oust the student council member he didn't get along with
    #On a rainy day the supernatural club is compiling their research and evidence in the clubroom when the condensation fills the window.
    #A message appears (written from the student council president) threatening them to stop the investigation.
    #They, of course, continue and eventually reveal the student council member to be who he is
    #Meiko then takes his position?
