Back then, I had the habit of sleeping in, and giving the snooze button a light tap the first few times.
But thanks to certain someone, even my mental alarm clock had been reset for good. 
You'd learn as much after narrowly avoiding a painful snap to your forehead.
Not to mention, given the ordeal from last morning, I had plenty of reasons to be vary.  
And so, I wake up on my own, beating the alarm clock with a safe margin. 
'Please, just no bugs or frogs, okay?'
Fearing the inevitable, I literally jump to an upright position.
Great, nothing feels out of ordinary, at least yet.
I proceed to rise from my bed, but...
Kenta: “Hold it!”
Kenta: “Just watch your steps, alright?”
I looked down to the floor and...
On the floor, several small train tracks (?) were laid out, circling the entire room and crossing with each other more than just a few times.
It was like an entire network, probably not too different from the real thing.
A model-sized passenger train stops briefly at the station right beside my feet, before zooming off, narrowly avoiding a freight train headed to the opposite direction.
I stare at the whole thing, taking in the small details and just when I feel like I'm starting to understand the so-called Zen it all brings, it suddenly hits me...
Takeru: “It's great that you found a new hobby and all but just how the heck am I supposed to get the toilet?”
Kenta: “No worries. I already thought of that too. Just follow me.”
And true enough, there were empty spots on the floor, kind of like stepping stones leading to the toilet, the room's door and my bed and closets.
Takeru: “Still, model trains, eh?”
Kenta: “They're a bit pricey compared to insects, but it really is like I heard, once you start putting it all together, it's impossible to stop.”
Takeru: “It's not, okay. You just sit down and tell yourself to think for a minute.”
Kenta: “At first, I was planning on doing a scale model of the greater Tokyo area train network, but after taking the current set-up of this room to mind, I had to go for something fictional instead.”
Kenta: “But in the end, all the added planning made it even more interesting, I suppose.”
So, he actually thought of that.
Well, during the short time I've known Kenta, I've only learned that he's smart and completely unreadable.
It's not that he doesn't consider the other people around him, he just has a hard time doing so.
Takeru: “Oh well.”
Kenta: “You're pretty quiet this morning.”
Kenta: “Is something wrong?”
Takeru: “Nah, not really.”
Takeru: “Don't get me wrong, though. I'm not going to get used to this by a long shot.”
Takeru: “So, if it's possible for you in any way at all, mind giving me a fair warning the next time, preferably before the shit hits the fan.”
Kenta: “Huh?”
The expression on his face is a one that somehow signals genuine confusion mixed with mild amusement that he cannot seem to hide.
Takeru: “Wait a minute. Don't tell me you've never heard of that expression.”
Figures, he's a regular offender when it comes to taking things literally.
Kenta: “No. But I tried thinking of it just now.”
Oh boy...
Crap, I don't think that mental image is going to leave my head any time soon.”
So, imagine this... You're sitting in your room on a particularly hot day, enjoying the gentle breeze as you continue turning your head little by little, just to stay inside that small cone of refreshingly cold air blown by the oscillating fan.
And just when the urge to hear how your altered robot voice would sound like starts to set in, you spy something in the corner of your eye.
Without a warning of any kind, you slowly realize that this something is small, brown and flying towards the fan with a crushingly steady speed.
Slow motion kicks in, warping your voice to a low-pitched howl, but you're already too late to stop it all from happening. 
As you watch, your beloved fan slowly rips the turd into thousands of little pieces and smears them all over the walls, the floor and furniture. Not to mention...
No.
No. 
Just no... Why did I imagine that?
Kenta: “Still... Why would anyone fling that thing across the room?”
Don't tell me we even saw the same mental image!?

Even though morning had been exactly what it had been, on a more serious note, there was still plenty of things bothering me.
Did I go too far when I asked Meiko about the fireworks?
I've never seen her just break apart like that.
And I really don't need another entry to the list things I need to apologize about, when it comes to her.
  
And what about her late friend?
Was she really... Hikari?
The pieces fit together all too well, but I'm not sure if like the answer.
If she's dead, then just who have I been talking to?
Given my condition, the difference between a ghost and a delusion inside my head is pretty much technical to begin with.
I'd have to ask her to be sure, but the more I think about it, the more ridiculous it starts to sound in my head.
'Hello again, would you happen to be a ghost?' 'Indeed, I am...' 'Okay, that's great!'
As if... 
Just what kind of an answer am I expecting from her?
And what would she think of me, for doubting as much?

With all this stuck on a loop inside my head, I find myself arriving to the old school building, having made my way here almost unconsciously.
I step inside, searching for that emptied classroom which served as her safe haven.
She's been here almost every morning, right?
But assuming that much, just what am I going to say to her?

Takeru: “Heey...”
Takeru: “Are you here, Hikari?”
Hikari: “Ah, morning.” 
Hikari: “I see you're dressed like a sensible person today.”
For one reason or other, she beams with an open smile, a rare expression for her.”
Takeru: “Morning.”
I sigh casually as I return her greeting, not even bothering to respond to her verbal jab.
Hikari: “You look tired.”
Takeru: “Who knows. Maybe this is just how I look when I let my guard down.”
Hikari: “That could be.”
Hikari: “Mind if I ask why?”
Takeru: “Oh, I don't know. But between being constantly solicited for one club or the other, dealing with a certain honour student and this one oddball with an impeccable poker face... 
Takeru: This is the only place where no one really expects anything from me.”
Hikari: “Hey, I've got standards too.”
Takeru: “Right, sorry. But apart from a few weird things, you're just about the only person who I could trust without any sort of reservations.”
Hikari: “Thanks, though I think you could still work on your compliments a little bit.”
I know she'd rather not bother with this at all, but it's because of those 'few weird things' I can't let this go. 
Takeru: “Hey, I know this is kinda out of the blue, but... Do you know someone called Meiko?”
There's a long pause, as she turns her head and looks out to the distance.
Hikari: “I might or I might not. You do know how most people are irrelevant to me, right?”
Takeru: “So, you do know her.”
Hikari: “Sigh. Just how important that girl is to you? I said I might, or I might not. And how do you know we're even talking of the same person?”
Takeru: “But you could have just denied the whole thing. 
Takeru: “So, there's definitely something and you wanted me to notice it, too.”
Hikari: “I'm already having second thoughts, though...”
Takeru: “I've come to think this much, so hear me out, okay?” 
Takeru: “There's a reason why you couldn't make tea for yourself and why none of the people you meet seem to remember you, right?”
Hikari: “I told you, I'm bad with my hands. And it's not my fault everyone keeps treating me like air.”
Takeru: “I've never seen you go to class, and you were here even at the middle of the night.”
Hikari: “I was picking up my books, and the rest is just your guesswork to begin with!”
Takeru: “And finally, there was a girl who lost her life last year, when a fire broke out during the school festival.”
Hikari: “...” (shocked expression here)
Hikari: “So?”
Takeru: “I'm thinking, perhaps you're that girl. The ghost of Meiko's lost friend.”
Hikari: “Ha ha ha...”
Hikari: “After all that build-up, that was what you had in mind?”
Hikari: “Don't tell me, this is some kind of a continuation to what you and that girl we're doing with the stupid robes and candles?”
Hikari: “Are you in league with those two weird girls at the old library now? 
Hikari: “Really, I'm a ghost now? Don't make me laugh.”
Damn it. That's a nice counter, and hearing it from someone else's mouth is just as devastating as I thought it could be.
But it's not like I'm going to stop here after coming this far.
Takeru: “For the record, those 'weird girls' are with the (unofficial and unapproved) supernatural club, and I'm not doing any of this for their sake.”
Takeru: “And well... if you're not a ghost, then how about I'll brew you some green tea right now?”
Hikari: I- I'm not thirsty right now.”
On her face, you could see the mix of disbelief and feigned ignorance.
Hikari: “Besides, the way you're trying to push my buttons is just horrible of you, to begin with.”  
She's got a point there.
Takeru: “Hikari...”
Hikari: “Just stop it!”
Takeru: “I'm not going to back down here.”
Hikari: “You were supposed to trust me.”
Takeru: “I know.”
Hikari: “Then stop looking at me like that!”
Takeru: “Please. If it's between me going crazy or the world going crazy, I'd still prefer the latter one.”
She stares downwards in complete silence.
Did I go too far? Most probably...
I wouldn't be surprised if she stopped talking completely to me after this.
Heck, I don't even want to think what came over me.
Then, without warning, she raises her head again. But she's... smiling?
Hikari: “Can you promise me one thing?”
Takeru: “Sure, anything.”
Hikari: “Just that you won't treat me differently from now on.”
Takeru: “Eh?”
Hikari: “You heard me right the first time, you big oaf! Don't make a girl spell out such things!”
Takeru: “Right, sorry. It just seemed like such an obvious thing, and moreover, I never expected you to show that kind of an expression.”
Hikari: “You're horrible.” 
Takeru: “I already said I'm sorry, alright?”
Hikari: “Humph.” 
Hikari: “Fine, then I shall accept your apology.”
Takeru: “What's with that?”
Both her and I burst to laughter. 
In the end, I don't know if talking to a ghost is any more 'sane' than talking with a girl who might or might not exist. 
Confirming her identity might not have changed a thing, but then again, why should it?
Whether or not she's 'real' to begin with, I've already made the decision of trusting her and she has returned my trust with that of her own.  

Afterwards, I was late to class for a change, but it also seems that I'm not only the absentee. 
Meiko is missing as well, though in her case, I can more or less guess the reason.
I'll have to apologize to her later...
Meanwhile, another person shares a glance with me, and though it's as if something seems off with her today, I know I can't be too careful with her.
Taking another good look at the clock on the wall, I continue planning my escape. 
I've got to bolt, as soon as morning class ends.
…

As lunch time approaches, I find myself tensed up like a spring. Once again the instincts of my ancestors kick in.
Between fight or flight, not like I have much of a choice. Her persistence knows no limits.
Fighting the urge to downright run out of the classroom, I intently make my way towards the door.
Miraculously enough, the coast seems clear.
Something has to be wrong here. I know I can't afford to look back and yet...
Ah, screw it!
I take a look a back at Natsumi's seat and see her hunched over her desk, her head buried in her hands.
It's such an exaggerated expression, so wholly unfitting of her character, I'm dead sure it's got to be some sort of a trick.
It's none of my business to begin with. If she really is down, she should have plenty of friends willing to cheer her up.
Stop looking back at her, dammit...
But deep down, I know it's too late at this point. I'm way too good of person, aren't I?
Takeru: “Heyyy... Did something happen?”
And the very second upon hearing my question, she literally springs up from her seat, grabbing my hands with the most starry-eyed expression I've ever seen from literally anyone.
Natsumi: “Takeru... You're the only one who can help us right now.”
(onegai -nee?) (starry-eyed mini CG moment?)
I don't want to hear it.
Natsumi: “Without you, the whole team's dreams will be done for.”
I hate how easily she got one over me.
I hate the cheesy performance she's putting on.
I hate how she's doing this in front the entire class, making me look like some kind of a villain for refusing her requests...
Takeru: “Huh?! And why the heck am I so special all of the sudden?”
Natsumi: “It's our pitcher, he snapped his wrist in yesterday's practice.”
Natsumi: “The verdict is already in, he just won't recover in time for the tournament, no matter what.”
But most of all, I hate how she's unconsciously bringing up my past, the past that I thought I could at least leave behind when I came here.
Takeru: “Give me break with the sob story here. It can't be that he was your team's only pitcher...”
Natsumi: “He might as well be, the others are just stand-ins! None of them look like ace material, especially with so little time left... ”
Takeru: “And what exactly makes you think I could do any better?”
Natsumi: “You were picked up by Touhoku, for one thing...”
Takeru: “That's not me. I'm not the same person anymore. Heck, I don't even understand what they saw in me back then...”
Natsumi: “Ah, well... Sorry.” 
Natsumi: “I might have overstepped my boundaries there, putting you in a spot and all.”
Natsumi: “I can tell you're probably struggling with something, but hey, we'll keep the pitcher's post open for you, in case you change your mind!” 
Geez. Just when I thought I might be out of the waters for good, she leaves it all hanging in the air like that.
I've got a feeling that wasn't the last time I'm going to hear about this.

Given how my lunch break was already ruined, I suppose I might as well top it all off by giving those two a visit...
I mean, I've been talking to a ghost for the past weeks. A real encounter with the supernatural.
I bet those two would be overjoyed.
Or probably not, given how Mana's motives have hardly anything to do with curiosity to begin with, and Hagami... 
Well, she seems to be enjoying a very particular brand of dry humour and books with some seriously heavy-looking titles.

With such thoughts in my head, I finally find how my feet had already brought in front of the old library's door. Again, scary thing, how easily you become accustomed to stuff like this.
Too late now, I guess. 
As I step inside, both Mana and Hagami are already here, though instead of the usual piles of books, the pair is studying what seems to be a glass orb of some sort.
It's definitely old, and coloured with blue hues, sort of reminding me of those crystal balls that fortune tellers and such use, but apparently it didn't come with a stand of any sort.
Takeru: “Uh... What's with the ball? You plan on doing divinations at the school festival or something?”
Mana: “Ah- Takeru, it was you all along. You surprised me there, didn't even hear you walking in.”
Takeru: “Eh, really?”
Takeru: “Sorry about that. Still, what's with that, whatever it really is.”
Hagami: “Supernatural club's collection, mystery item number eleven.”
Don't tell me she has actually set up a whole collection of these 'mystery items'? Needless to say, the numbering would indicate there's at least 10 other 'mysterious' items like this.
Probably a joke of hers... Right?
Takeru: “Just where do you keep pulling out this stuff from?”
Takeru: “The robes and candles I can kind of understand, but this...”
Mana: “We found it earlier today, at the storage space in the back of this room.”
Don't tell me, someone else had already established a supernatural club of their own here, before these two moved in? This is supposed to be the old school library, right?”
Takeru: “So, what does this 'mystery item' do then?”
It should go without saying that I still consider Hikari a special case of her own, and don't believe in occult or the supernatural in any way.
Still, there's something... Well, just plain cute about the half-playful, half-serious enthusiasm Hagami shows towards all this. 
And strangely enough, I find that I don't mind playing along, if its her.
Hagami: “That is still a mystery, even to us.”
Dammit. Let me take that back... She's definitely doing this on purpose.
Delivered with a blank poker face, her flat, matter-of-fact tone hammers in the punchline.
Takeru: “Riight. Oh and by the way... Where is the rest of the supernatural club's collection?”
Hagami: “Um... In my room, for safe keeping.”
Figures. Either the 10 other mystery items never existed in the first place, or then she really has a shelf full of stuff like this in her room. 
Needless to say, the latter interpretation sounded way more endearing, and I wouldn't mind seeing that, either. Out of pure curiosity, I mean.
Mana: Just so you know, that's off-limits for provisional members!”
Was she reading my thoughts there?
Hagami: “Mana...”
For a brief second, her expression stiffens up.
Look, I'm as surprised as you are, as to how exactly Mana's logic is working here.
Takeru: “So, you'd be okay with me invading her room as long as I join as an official member? And are you sure she's okay with being used as a bargaining tool?”
Though just when Hagami was about to voice her feelings about the whole deal, something else happened...
A flash of blueish, soft light fills the room for a brief second, before disappearing just as suddenly as it had first appeared. 
Takeru: “Was that the... Orb?”
Mana: “It definitely was! I'm sure of it! I knew there had to be something mysterious about it...”
Takeru: “Maybe it just got hit by sunlight or something?”
Mana: “Sounds way too ordinary and boring. It's got to be something else.”
Takeru: “That whole logic of yours sounds a bit questionable...”
Hagami: “It could be... a signal.”
Mana: “Oh... that's definitely it!”
Takeru: “You mean, like something's close?”
It couldn't have been Hikari, right? At least, I'm not willing to believe there are other things of supernatural origins, this close to me.
If finding one odd thing is the equivalent of winning the lottery in terms probability, running into something else the very same day would be like getting hit by lightning twice.
Hagami: “Or that someone's trying communicate with us...”
Takeru: “Humm... Whatever it was, it's gone now, it seems.”
Hagami: "*Sigh*, I guess this thing really isn't that special after all."
Mana: "But didn't you see it light up just then! It has to be something!"
Hagami: "Maybe, but that could've just been refracted light from the sun."
Mana: "But don't you think it's strange that things started happening just when Takeru showed up?"
Hagami: *Whispers to Mana*
Though Hagami looks fairly unconvinced by her attempt at... whatever she's trying to do, Mana goes ahead and grabs the orb anyhow, placing it in my hands.
It's cold to touch, but apart from that nothing happens.
Mana: "Aww. And I really thought something was going to happen, too."
I knock at the orb with the back of my finger, but it only gives a hollow clink in return. 
A bit disappointed, Mana retriveves the orb from my hands, handing it along to an equally downhearted Hagami, who finally places it on one of the many shelves behind her.
I guess this one isn't a part of her personal collection, then...

After each of us had finally finished our lunches, the afternoon classes continued.
And well... Let's just say today has already made me understand those with the habit of rushing out the classroom as soon as school ends.
Though in their case, they're probably busy with 'youth', club practice or something along those lines, but I just want to escape!
Namely from that certain character who's been eyeing me ever since this morning...

Speak of the devil, as soon as the last class is done for today, she appears in front of me, again.
Natsumi: “So, you're coming or what?”
Frank and completely unfazed as usual. It's almost as if the conversation from this morning never happened.
Takeru: “Huh, to where and why?”
Natsumi: “To the baseball practice, of course.”
Natsumi: “No matter what's holding you up, I'm sure you'd be able to let it go if you'd simply try it again. It's just that kind of a sport.”
Great, now she's talking like someone out of a movie, those old-school sports films that always made you cheer for the underdogs and the troubled main character.
But whatever she's trying to bring back, that's not me. Not the current me, at least...
Relax... Calm down and think. 
She's fundamentally a good person, so there should be a way to turn her down--
Takeru: “Sorry, but I already promised I'd visit a friend's club today. They're really struggling to meet the member quota as it is, so I also feel kinda responsible to help them out, you know?”
That wasn't a total lie... At least the part about not having too many members was true.
Natsumi: “Fine then... if it's for a good cause, who am I to stop you. By the way, let me know if you need a name or two. A few of my friends could probably join. As ghost members, of course.

Now that I'm out of the waters, I guess I could just make an exit by sneaking out from the other side of the school or something. 
Still, that doesn't seem like the right thing to do, considering that those two did, if unknowingly, save my skin there.
So, to uphold my part of the deal, I make my way back to the old school library again.
I knock on the door lightly before entering, though in retrospect, I guess I also should have waited for a response.
Hagami: “Ah?”
I guess it's just her today. 
Takeru: “Uh, mind if I come in?”
Hagami: “Go ahead.”
Blank as usual. The way Mana acts around her, and the kind of school Mirako is, I can sort of guess Hagami probably has trouble dealing with other people. 
Androphobia, wasn't it? Thinking about it, this probably isn't an ideal situation for her.
Takeru: “I could just leave. Didn't know you'd be here by yourself anyhow.”
The look I receive from her in response tells me more than any kind of a sentence possibly could.
If I wasn't a guy and there wasn't a table between us, she probably would have socked me good, right there and then.
Takeru: “Right... Sorry about that. I wasn't thinking straight.”
Probably one of the hardest things about living with a condition like mine or hers, even when you're finally starting to come to terms with what you are, you still have to deal with how others are going to treat you from now on.
And the last thing you'd want at that point is people treating you with silk gloves.

I took my seat and the silence returned.
Hardly irritated by how badly I screwed things just seconds ago, she simply continues working her way through yet another hardback. 
Just how many of those does she read in a month, anyhow?

Not that she's the kind to mind an occasional silence either, but if there's another person in the room, isn't it like a basic urge to talk, just about something, anything at all?
Still, I don't exactly read complex philosophy or physics in my free time, so that's a wall to climb. And I can't imagine how she'd react to something that's out her 'field of expertise'... I guess she knows how to handle Mana's nonsense, but when it comes to anyone else, I'm not so sure.
Moreover... Holding a conversation was something that would have come naturally to the old me, but not so much to my current self.
So, as frustrating as it is to admit, I'm at a loss with her, in more ways than one.
Takeru: “Hey, do you believe in ghosts and whatnot?”
Sounds like a pretty tactless thing to ask, but having dealt with Mana's enthusiasm for all this time, I guess it's something I never had a chance to confirm.
Hagami: “Do you?”
Tilting her head to the side, she returns my question.
Takeru: “Not really, I guess.”
As an internal correction, I do believe in one ghost. Though not in things like spirits, UMAs, UFOs and whichever.
Hagami: “There you have it.”
Hagami: “Neither do I. But it would be interesting if they did exist.”
Guess I'll really have to introduce Hikari to her, one of these days.
Takeru: “Can't deny that much.”
And then, the silence returned again.
How long had it been? 
Not even half an hour yet. The baseball club would doubtless be at it still.
At this point, I'll take anything.
Thinking as much, I picked one of the many bookshelves at random, scanning for something that wouldn't scare me off halfway through the title.
I manage to spot the book she was reading when I first met her, 'A Brief History of Eidolon Theory (and other post-Hume metaphysics)'.
Kind of makes me wonder what she got from all that. Though she might think I'm trying to return the gag that wasn't really a gag, if I started reading it in front her.
After another short while, I pick up a paperback from the same shelf, something about Kant and the problem of metaphysics..

Despite being a paperback, it isn't exactly light reading, and it doesn't take long before I find myself nodding off.
…
I snap awake suddenly, as I realize I've completely lost any sense for the passing of time.
At the same moment, I can feel I'm being stared at. Turning my head to the side, I'm met by an expressionless Hagami. 
Takeru: “Uh... Sorry about that.”
Takeru: “Did I- You know, snore or drool, anything like that.”
On another note, I might not want to know.
Hagami: “Unfortunately, no.”
Hagami: “But the way your head rocked back and forth was quite hilarious.”
Outside, the sun was already starting to set. Looks like I had dozed off for a good while.
Well, there goes any kind of positive impressions she might have had left for me.
Seeing how late it, we proceed to pick up our respective belongings and head out.

Hagami: “By the way, why did you come here today?”
Straight to the point. Though it's obvious I don't take a greater interest in the supernatural or the particular brand of 'heavy reading' she seems to be into.
Takeru: “It was... Never mind.”
Takeru: “Let's just say I wanted to avoid something I still can't deal with.”
Hagami: “Oh.”
She seems deep in thought for a second, before adding...
Hagami: “I don't mind, then.”
Takeru: “You're not... afraid of me, then?”
Hagami: “After today, a bit less than any other male.”
Despite the awkward smile she gave with it, I don't think I can take that as a compliment. 
Takeru: “Oh well. See you tomorrow, I guess.”
Hagami: “Tomorrow, then.”

