I shift myself in my bed, groaning as I’m waking up. 
A feeling of somewhat self-defense make me pop open one of my eye.
No Kenta.
I rub my eyes awake and sit upright. This is just utterly peaceful.
Wait. Peaceful?
My eyes shot open and roamed around the room. No Kenta.
TAKERU “Kenta? You there?”
I call out but no one reply.
TAKERU “Hm?”
I notice a piece of paper laying there beside me, I pick it up and a certain messy handwriting catch my attention.
TAKERU “Wake up sleepy head, I have something to do, Can you go to school alone? Actually I-“
I sigh and put down the note, it’s filled with useless stuff and I rather go to sleep than read a 10 paragraph essay on how I’m feeling and if I will be lonely. I glance on the time, still so much time before homeroom starts.
The light coming through to my room was dim and I lay back on my back.
Its peace and quiet, it feels out of place. I feel out of place. Once the feeling got to me, I quickly stood up and prepare myself for school. This room is getting chilling by the moment, at the time I actually was left alone, I don’t want to be alone.
I close the door behind me after I’m done and drag my foot on to school.


For today, sceneries that pass by on the way to school are actually more visible. I can take in the views without any distraction. Without Kenta, for once. He’s annoying I admit, but he means well, I just know that.
??? “I need you to take care about those follow ups regarding the festivals too”
I know that voice.
??? “Of course, I already have the proposal all prepped out”
Just a couple of yards in front of me are two people. Meiko. She is walking with another person, I know him from class A, he is one of the student council, I think.
TAKERU “Hey, Mei-“
SC MEMBER “About the Supernatural club…”
I got cut off, I’m thinking about calling out to Meiko, but the topic they are going into absorb me.
MEIKO “Yes, I was just about to get to that matter, I’m shutting it down”
SC MEMBER “Should I notify the President?”
MEIKO “It’s fine, I will talk to him myself”
MEIKO “You should just focus on the festival instead, about the club, I can handle it by myself”
SC MEMBER “Sure, but I heard they recruited a new member just recently”
Ah, they are talking about me.
MEIKO “Takeru…”
SC MEMBER “Ah, that transfer student…”
MEIKO “The club still doesn’t have enough club members to exist”
MEIKO “…To be so absorbed in such things…”
TAKERU “What’s so wrong with that?”
Meiko and her friend turn to me. I don’t have any specific reason why I have to stand up for this club. But those time I spent with Hagami and Mana, and technically with Hikari too, I found something the me right now can do.
SC MEMBER “I’ll excuse myself first”
He glances at me and nod his head to bid goodbye. I nod back at him and he leaves the both of us there with an awkward silence.
TAKERU “You are shutting us down?”
MEIKO “It’s not my decision to make”
TAKERU “Hmm….”
TAKERU “They are good people”
MEIKO “Who are you referring to?”
TAKERU “Two of them…Mana and Hagami”
MEIKO “Oh, so you are siding with your new friend, sure, just forget about your old friend”
She says it with ridiculously sarcastic tone. I’m surprised by it. She’s never been like this. This topic is not within the range to make her so upset. Right?
TAKERU “What are you saying…I don’t-“
MEIKO “You don’t mean it, I know…you never mean anything you do”
TAKERU “What’s wrong? You’re not being yourself”
MEIKO “Nothing…I think just stress from the festival”
She avert her eyes on me, a troubled look is shadowing over her face. I know the festival is coming even closer now, and everyone in student council are just all over the place. I’m helping out her here and there, and the pressure on her is unbelievable. I know. Also, I can’t do anything about it.
TAKERU “You should…take it easy for a bit”
MEIKO “I can’t. It has to be perfect. I can’t let that thing happen again”
I can’t take my eyes off her. ‘That thing’ must be about the fireworks. Hikari.
TAKERU “The firework accident, it won’t happen again”
She flinches and I can see from the corner of my eye, she is clenching her fist hard. I hit the spot.
MEIKO “What do you know about what happened? Hikari, she didn’t deserve that”
A hunch fly over me. I know she feels responsible of what happened, but I have a certain feeling that something is hidden inside her words.
TAKERU “Are you close to her? To Hikari I mean”
Once again I feel like I’m hitting the spot, the fragile spot on her. Her clenched fist quiver.
MEIKO “Shut up”
It comes out as a whimper. She spares me a glance and walk away from me, half running. I tilt my head to the side.
TAKERU “Something’s wrong with her…I just know”
For a while, I just quietly stand there, watching her disappearing back. I sigh inwardly and shrug it off.


NATSUMI “Hey!! Takeru!! Morning~!”
I step in the classroom and Natsumi is frantically waving at me from her seat.
TAKERU “Morning”
She smiles and look back to the door and back to me with a slight puzzled look.
NATSUMI “That’s weird? Where’s that odd ball Kenta?”
Odd ball? And you are not one?
NATSUMI “Don’t you guys, like, go together every day?”
TAKERU “I-“
NATSUMI “Shhh!! Let me guess! A fight? Ummm….”
I stare at her. She is still tilting her head from side to side coming up with an idea. 
After countless muffled mumbles from her, she clicked her tongue.
NATSUMI “I lost, can’t think of anything”
We were competing? For what? At what?
TAKERU “He’s gone when I woke up, I don’t know where he went”
I probably do, Kenta most likely wrote it down on the note I gave up on reading. No one can stand reading a note like that first thing in the morning.
NATSUMI “Aww! You poor thing, got left behind like that”
She pouts and look at me with pity eyes. I sigh inwardly, I can’t handle this one.
TAKERU “Forget about me, what are you doing so early in class?”
NATSUMI “Takeru is asking me a question!!”
TAKERU “I don’t think, me asking a question is something extravagant”
She lets out an embarrassed laugh.
NATSUMI “Well, with the regional competition coming up, I’m just jumpy! ya know!”
TAKERU “Right, regionals”
I used to participate in one, before all this anyway.
NATSUMI “Anyway! I’m on special mission, so the coach let me out early”
TAKERU “Mission?”
NATSUMI “Yes! Mission! Do you want to know what the mission is?”
TAKERU “I’ll pass”
NATSUMI “Oh come on! Takeru you are being rude to a girl!”
TAKERU “You’re a girl? Oh”
I quickly think back to what I just say. This instant gag reply is not me. I guess this will happen when I hang out with Natsumi and Kenta too much. Kenta’s usual behavior is rubbing off to me.
NATSUMI “Takeru, I am happy that you got sense of comedy now, but ask me!!”
TAKERU “What is your mission?”
I don’t have the power or even the will to keep arguing with her.
NATSUMI “It’s-“
KENTA “Takeru! You made it!”
A voice that I have come to easily recognize rang from the door. Kenta is standing there with his clothes all messy, his shirt is crumpled and tucked out, his hair is nothing different.
TAKERU “What do you mean I made it? And what’s with that look?”
He scratch the back of his head and come over to me and Natsumi.
KENTA “You know! I really want to come with you but I have things going on with my friends, so yeah! I see you read my note, I carefully wrote down specific ways for you to prepare for school and the way from the dorm to your class!”
He did? I didn’t read even a quarter of that long note, and from what he just said, thank god I didn’t.
TAKERU “I can take care of myself, thank you. So, what were you doing again?”
KENTA “Helping out basket club with some equipment”
I nod my head, things he does have nothing to do with me, and I don’t have to inquire him even further. He takes a seat next to me and drag his chair a bit closer to mine.
KENTA “So, what are you guys talking about?”
His whole expression is screaming out interest, with sparkling eyes Kenta glances back and forth between me and Natsumi.
NATSUMI “You interrupted me! Anyway, Takeru! My special mission is that I have to recruit our star player!”
TAKERU “Who’s your star player?”
I immediately regret what I just say. I know the answer to this. It’s…
NATSUMI “You!”
Me. I knew it.
TAKERU “I can’t do it, I told you this over a thousand times already”
NATSUMI “But you haven’t told me why! Tell me! Tell me I say!”
I heave a sigh and shake my head in annoyance. I stare at a desk next to mine.
NATSUMI ‘Takeru?”
TEACHER “Alright, homeroom is starting now, so go to your seat. I’m taking attendance”
Saved by the teacher, Natsumi let out a grunt and stomp away from my spot. Kenta drag his chair to his desk again. I sit up straight.
One by one, everyone’s names are being called, but when the teacher call out for Meiko, she isn’t here yet. I wonder where she is.

Meiko finally made her appearance at the start of 2nd period. Now, for 3rd and 4th period we have Japanese History lesson.
TEACHER “For today’s lesson, we’re going to have a group study”
Everyone in class start chattering in happiness.
TEACHER “Tone it down, I want you to make a 5 person group and do exercise B on page 77”
All students quickly got together with their friends. Natsumi and Hagami come close to me and we make a group with Kenta. Looking over to the opposite side, I notice that Meiko is still sitting alone. That’s weird.
TAKERU “Meiko…”
NATSUMI “Meiko? Oh! Hey! Meiko, come join us!”
Meiko takes a glance at our group, she flashes up a smile but shake her head. Meiko stands up and walk up to the teacher, they had a back and forth conversation ending with the teacher’s nod in approval, she slightly bow and leave the classroom.
NATSUMI “Hm…Student council is tough job”
HAGAMI “It is”
KENTA “Mhmm. Hmm….Umm….Uhh…”
On my side, Kenta is busy turning the book upside down while scratching his head.
HAGAMI “I don’t think that will do anything”
KENTA “Hm? What do you mean?”
TAKERU “Meaning that turning your book upside down like that won’t give you the answer”
KENTA “You will be surprised of how change of perspective can give you the answer!”
My eyes instantly goes wide, Natsumi and I exchange surprised glances at each other. Kenta once in a while can say smart things like this. In a very useless situation. I don’t think he understands the meaning of that.
HAGAMI “…You got it wrong”
NATSUMI “You can say that again Hagami”
Natsumi burst to laughter. I can’t help but let out a quick smile inwardly.
KENTA “Hm? What?”
TAKERU “Hagami said that you’re interpreting it in a too literal way”
I take a glance at Hagami and she nods at me.
TAKERU “Well, just forget about it”
NATSUMI “Teach! We gotta go take a look at the plant in the back, mind if we go check it out real quick?”
TEACHER “Sure, but don’t go wandering around after that”
NATSUMI “You got it!”
Natsumi and Kenta gather their books and stuff in a hurry and speed out of class as if they are in a race. I sigh and gather up my things with Hagami. When I get up and heading to the door. I feel my sleeve gets a pull from the back.
HAGAMI “Takeru…”
TAKERU “What is it?”
HAGAMI “Thank you”
She averts her gaze and quickly follow Natsumi and Kenta. 
I don’t get it. I shrug it off and follow them.


The school bell rings a few time and the teacher exit the room.
Day’s over, and I quickly get everything in my bag and dashes out. I didn’t get the chance to visit Hikari at lunch break, so I’m going to hurry and get there.
After a few minutes, familiar corridors starts to come out and decreasing amount of people walking nearby quickly adds up.
TAKERU “Hey, Hikari… You there?”
I call out when the door slides open.
HIKARI “….-am”
TAKERU “What?”
I can’t quite catch what she just said.
HIKARI “I am”
I can hear her voice but I can’t seem to locate her anywhere in the room. Her usual seat by the window is empty.
TAKERU “Where are you?”
I turn around to see if I missed her just now.
HIKARI “I’m here”
TAKERU “What do you-?
I turn around once again and there she is. She’s on her usual seat. But, she wasn’t there just now.
Just how?
TAKERU “Oh, I’m sorry”
I walk up to her and sit right across her.
HIKARI “….”
In that moment, only awkward silence that’s enveloping us. I clear my throat and take a look at Hikari. She doesn’t even look me, her whole gaze is directed to a landscape outside. No. She is looking even further than that. To somewhere I can’t even think about.
TAKERU “Hikari, are you alright?”
HIKARI “What makes you say that?”
TAKERU “You know, it’s just you-“
My words get another disruption. I stare down to Hikari’s hands. They are even more transparent than usual. In a second it disappear, and the next it reappeared. She’s flickering.
I look up to her face and finally notice everything. From the top to bottom, she keeps disappearing and reappear. I rub my eyes and it still stays the same.
TAKERU “Hikari, you’re….are you okay?”
HIKARI “I said I am, good to see you, goodbye”
Without sparing me a glance, she takes off and completely disappear.
What is going on?
I can’t get this wrapped around my head.
Being left alone, I sling my back over my shoulder and walk back to the dorm.

