Huh?...

Where am I?...

It’s dark. I reach out to try and feel around but my arms don’t move. I see nothing. In front of me is an endless void.

I try to move anything but my body refuses to comply to my commands. 

??? “Takeru…”

A voice calls out my name. I don’t recognize the voice yet at the same time it carries a familiarity to it. 

??? “Help...me”

The voice grew fainter. It was calling for help. I try once more to move but again my body refuses. 

A cold chill runs through my body, numbing me to the core. I want to cry out for help but no words will form.

??? “Takeru…”

The voice suddenly sounds as if it's talking directly into my ear. I can practically feel it breathing down my neck.

??? “Why did you leave me?” 

My eyes open up and I jolt upwards in shock. I grab my chest and listen to the sound of my heart beating. 

The sounds of my alarm are blaring in my ears. As if welcoming me back to reality. 

Wiping the sweat from my head I get out of bed and go to the bathroom.

What was that dream? What did it mean? 

A million questions poured through my head as I stared at my reflection. I turn on the faucet and splash some water in my face. 

It was cold but it helped to settle my nerves. I turn off the faucet and start to get ready for school. 
Tossing my bag over my shoulder I go to head out but stop for a moment.

Takeru “Am I forgetting something?” 

I turn and look back at the counter next to my bed. I feel like I’m forgetting something really important but I can’t seem to remember what it is.

Takeru “Huh, I guess not..” 

I turn and make my way towards my first class. 

The air has a cool crisp feel to it. The morning air carries a certain fresh feeling to it. 

The sounds of birds chirping can be heard in the distance. I suppose you could refer to this as the perfect morning?

The cool air, the birds chirping. It really has a soothing feel to it. I almost want to just sit down on a bench and relax for a bit. 

In the distance I notice a familiar face. Her shoulder length red hair flowing gently in the breeze.

Takeru “Hey Natsumi.” 

She turns to look at me and gives me a small smile. 

Natsumi “Yo.” 

Takeru “It's a nice morning today.”

Natsumi “Yeah it is. Makes me excited to start practice!” 

Her drive was really something. I wouldn’t dislike being able to have such strong motivations like her.

Takeru “You sure are committed.” 

Natsumi “well of course. If you don’t try to be the best you never will.” 

Takeru “I suppose that makes sense.”

Natsumi “So, what are you doing up so early?”

Huh? What did she mean so early? Class is going to be starting in a few minutes.

Takeru “Early? Class starts in ten minutes doesn’t it?” 

Natsumi “Huh?! Classes don’t start for another hour or so. Hey, are you feeling okay?”

I can hear the concern in her voice. What did she mean classes didn’t start for another hour or so? That doesn’t make any sense.

Takeru “Y-Yeah I’m fine…” 

I feel lightheaded. I saw the time on my clock. My alarm was going off to wake me up. How was it still so early? 

Natsumi “You sure? You don’t look so good..”

Takeru “Yeah I’m fine...just confused I guess.” 

I bring my hand to my head as a headache starts to form. Was it my schizophrenia kicking in? But I took my medicine didn’t I? 

My mind races back to when I woke up but it feels like a blur. I had to have taken it. I always take my medicine…

Natsumi “Takeru.”

Snapping out of it I turn my attention back to my confused classmate.

Takeru “Y-Yeah?”

Natsumi “Why did you leave me?”

…

What did she just say? 

The words echo harshly in my head, as if bouncing around my skull. The headache grows worse and I step backwards a few feet. 

I’ve heard those words…

Those were the words I heard in my nightmare..

Natsumi “Hey did you hear me? Hello?” 
She snaps her fingers in front of me to get my attention.

Natsumi “I said, why don’t you go lay down.” 

Takeru “Sorry, I must have misunderstood you.”

Natsumi “Geez, you looked like you just saw a ghost or something.” 

Takeru “Yeah. Well, I guess i’ll take your advice then”

Natsumi “Okay good!

Natsumi “Oh crap! I need to go get ready for some early morning practice. See you later!”

With that she turns and jogs off. I end up standing there for a few minutes just trying to make sense of everything.

What was that about? There’s no way I simply misunderstood her. Plus I heard my alarm go off. Clicking my tongue against the roof of my mouth in annoyance I walk back to my dorm. 

I ended up sitting at a bench for the next hour or so until time for class. I tried to sleep but my body wouldn’t listen.

Class went by as normal. Nothing really interesting happened.

Before I even knew it, it was time for lunch. 

Takeru “Where should I eat?”

I decide on eating in the library again. To my surprise it's actually empty for once. Leaving me to eat alone surrounded by stacks of old books. 

My mind wanders back to this morning. 

What was with that dream? What was with Natsumi saying that? Did she actually say it? 

So many thoughts ran through my head that it made it hard to think.

I shovel down some rice and try to relax a little.

??? “Takeru…” 

A voice suddenly called out to me. Glancing up I quickly look around the large room but I don’t see anybody around.

Of course with the library’s endless bookshelves and stacks of books it gave ample room to hide from somebody.

Takeru “Hello?” 

I called out, partially hoping that somebody would answer.

??? “Why…” 

A chill ran down my spine as the voice seemed to echo around the library. It was the same voice I heard from that nightmare. I dropped my chopsticks and stood up from my chair.

I waited, hoping to hear somebody let out an audible giggle or anything to clue me in this being some bad joke.

I could hear my heart starting to beat faster and faster. It’s beat seeming to grow louder and louder. As if threatening to burst out of my chest. 

??? “Why did you leave me?”

I froze in place. The voice sounded as if it came from right behind me. Without even thinking I immediately ran out of the library. I didn’t care where I ran, so long as I escaped whatever horrible thing was haunting me.

And so, I ran.

I ran and ran and ran some more.

With each step the world seemed to grow more and more distorted. I felt light headed. I wanted to just pass out already and be done with this. 

My legs finally gave out and I came to a stop. Looking around I saw that I was in the courtyard. I let out several gasps for air as I tried to catch my breath. The voice had finally stopped so that was all that mattered. 

Hagami “Takeru?”

Hearing the familiar deadpan voice I turn to see Hagami staring at me.

Takeru “Oh...hey Hagami.” 
Hagami “You don’t look good.”

Takeru “Ah, no I’m fine. Just wanted to get some fresh air.”

Hagami “I see.” 

As always speaking to her was like speaking to a robot…

Takeru “Well, I think I’m going to relax for a bit.”

Hagami “Okay. Farewell Takeru.”

I turn to leave when an unpleasant feeling washes over my body. 

I reach for my head as everything around me starts to spin. I try to step forward but my leg collapses from under me and I fall to my knees.

I can hear the sounds of Hagami’s footsteps running over to check on me.

I look up to see Hagami’s hand reaching out to me. A look that seemed to convey worry was on her face. 

Takeru “Thanks Hagami…” 

I reach my hand out and take hers. She helps me up to my feet and stares at me with her grey blue eyes.

Hagami “Why did you leave her?” 

A loud buzzing sound blares through my head. 

Her words bounce around in my head over and over like white noise. Blocking out any rational thoughts from appearing. 

My vision starts to fuzz out as I feel my body growing numb. I want to scream but I can’t hear anything. All I hear is…

Why did you leave her

Why did you leave her

Why did you leave her 

Why did you leave her…

Takeru “get out of my head!”

I grab at my head and scream out with all of my might. I can’t hear anything. Just endless white noise and the same words reverbing in my head. 

It feels like my head is going to explode. 

Takeru “Leave me alone!” 

I try and escape from this hell i’ve fallen in but I can’t seem to get out. 

Hagami “Tak...eru?” 

Huh, was that Hagami? A familiar voice manages to pierce through the endless repeating noise. 

Hagami “S...Stop!” 

Hagami, where are you? Are you here? Can you help me? I can’t take this anymore…

I reach out towards the direction of her voice. 

Takeru “H...Help me…” 

I feel something warm touch my hand. The warmth suddenly spreads through my body and the horrible noise finally stops. My vision slowly fades back in. I barely make out what’s in front of me.

Only the faint sight of Hagami.

And my hands letting go of her neck.

…

….

I open my eyes weakly. 

A bright neon white light is shining down on my face. It’s so bright for a moment I thought I might have gone blind. I try and sit up but my head immediately begins to spin so I lay back down. 

Nurse “I wouldn’t move too much just yet. You took a nasty fall.”
I turn my head and see smiling man with brown hair and glasses staring at me. He gives off a surprisingly friendly atmosphere to him.

Takeru “I did?” 

Nurse “Yup, hit your head on the sidewalk.” 

Nurse “Don’t worry though, it's nothing major. Just a little bump.” 

He laughs as he checks over the papers on his clipboard.

Nurse “Did you take your medicine this morning?” 

Takeru “Yeah I…”

Wait, did I? I thought I did but now that I think about it...I can’t recall.

Takeru “I...don’t know”

The nurse seems to frown at my response and then checks the clipboard once more.

Nurse “I see...well judging from the state you were in when you were brought in. I’d imagine you probably didn’t.”

Was I that bad? 

I try and remember what all happened but I draw blanks.

Takeru “I see…”

The nurse can tell I’m distraught over not being able to remember much.

Nurse “Don’t worry. Some memory problems is common with severe mental distress.” 

Nurse “You had a pretty bad schizophrenic episode. Several students saw you running through the campus with a fairly scared look on your face.”

There’s that name again…

That name of the awful problem that plagues me.

Takeru “...”

The nurse looks at me with a slightly sad look on his face. He must tell how upset I look. Not that it would be hard to miss. 

Nurse “Don’t worry too much about it. These things happen.”

He tries to give me a smile but it feels artificial. I can tell he feels pretty bad over the whole ordeal too.

Nurse “Your friend was here waiting for you to wake up. She might still be outside if you want me to go get her?”

Friend? What did he mean?

Takeru “Friend? Who?”

Nurse “Umm, I believe her name was Hagami?” 

At the mention of her name a flash of memories comes over me. The voices, me freaking out…

The concerned look on her face.

I immediately sit up and push past the sudden rush of dizziness. 

Takeru “No thank you. I’ll go see her myself.” 

The nurse looks as if he wants to stop me, but pauses for a moment before giving me another smile. This one much more genuine than the last.

Nurse “Very well. Just remember to try and take your medicine.” 

He waves bye to me as I run out the door.

Outside I spot Hagami sitting on a bench across the hallway. Her eyes were closed and she was breathing softly. 

I walk up to her and immediately realize she was asleep. 

Takeru “...” 

A feeling of guilt came over me. 

How long was she waiting out here for me to wake up? 

I look out the door to the outside and see the sun just barely over the horizon. It was casting long shadows across the campus as it slowly began to set.

It was lunch time when all of this happened wasn’t it?

Was she sitting out here waiting for me to wake up for that long?

I stared at the sleeping Hagami. She looked peaceful like this. Her long black hair, gently cascading down her body. 

> Help her. 

Takeru “Well, I don’t suppose I can just leave you here..” 

I Guess I really can’t leave her here.

Sighing to myself I kneel down and with a single huff of exertion I pick her up in my arms. Woah, shes really light…

I turn and make my way towards her dorm room. Walking out the door I’m greeted by the orange hues coming from the sun. It was starting to set and casted a deep orange all across the sky. 

Any other day and I might have stopped to stare for a bit but I’m sure It looked pretty shady that I was carrying a passed out girl in my arms…

Walking down the stone path through the courtyard I take a deep breath. The afternoon air had a certain fondness to it. It was cool yet not too cool. The air smelt of summer time and brought back enjoyable memories.

I saw several students wandering around the school grounds. Some laughing and talking with friends, while others relaxed. 

I can’t blame them. It's nice outside today. If I wasn’t carrying Hagami I’d likely relax a bit myself.

I make it to her dorm building and make my way inside. I feel her body wiggle around a little before going still again. Her breathing is soft. I try and ignore the overall cuteness of the scene but it’s not too effective.

My face heats up slightly and I push the thoughts out of my head. I find her dorm room and open it, before carrying her inside. 

I place her on the bed and pull the cover over her. I hope the strange looks I got from the people in the dorm don’t remain. The last thing I need is for people to think I’m some kind of pervert.

I sigh before walking out of the room and making my way back to my room.

> Don’t help her

I stare at her sleeping figure for a few moments. I could try and bring her back to her room but I’d probably get strange looks. 

Takeru “Ah man…” 

I wasn’t sure what to do. Would leaving her really be fair to do? She did wait for me after all. I glance out the window and notice the orange light pouring through the glass. The sun was setting soon.

I let out a heavy sigh and scratch the back of my head. I can’t really afford to try and carry her back. It could give people the wrong ideas…

Takeru “Sorry…” 

I apologize to the sleeping Hagami before walking out the door. The nurse was still there so I’m sure he will make sure she gets back to her room. 

I try and rationalize my worries away as I walk through the courtyard. I make it back to my room in silence.

Looking out the window of my dorm room I hear a sigh slip out. 

Today has been a long day…

Hearing my phone go off I pull it out and check it. 

Takeru “Huh?” 

It was a message from Meiko. 

[Meet me at the big tree in the courtyard.]

I looked back out the window, the sun was already half way set and it was going to be dark soon.

What on earth could she possibly want?

Letting out a sigh I slipped on my shoes and made it out my room. I needed to see what was so important.

The air had cooled off dramatically. I almost regret not taking a jacket with me.

The sky had darkened to a heavy purplish hue. The sun could no longer be seen in the sky.

Walking down the cobble pathway towards the center of the courtyard I notice how empty the campus felt late at night. 

I had noticed it before but still, with the strange message I had received from Meiko certainly made things feel more eerie. 

I notice a silhouette standing over by the big cherry blossom tree in the middle of the courtyard.

I knew right away it was Meiko’s outline I was seeing. 

I felt my nerves kick in, making each step feel harder and harder. 

Just what was so important that she needed me to come out here to meet her? 

Taking a deep breath I let it out slowly and call out to her as I get near.

Takeru “Yo…” 

I try and play it off cool but It was painfully obvious just how nervous I was. I hoped she hadn’t noticed too…

Meiko comes out from behind the tree and gives me a small smile. It was a sweet gesture but I felt as if something was off about it.

Meiko “Hello Takeru.” 

Her voice was soft and quiet, a far cry from what was normal for her. I couldn’t shake the feeling that something wasn’t right here. 

Takeru “So, what’s up? I got your message.” 

I wanted to just outright ask if something was wrong but I couldn’t bring myself to do it. 

Meiko’s face seemed to become downcast as she looked at her feet. I hadn’t seen her like this since...gahh..
My head starts hurting as old memories come back. I remember a sad looking Meiko, her younger self was staring at the ground just like now…

Meiko “Do you remember when we were young?” 

Her voice sounds distant, as if a long lost memory calling out from the farthest reaches of my brain.

Takeru “Yeah, of course.” 

My headache seems to only worsen with every second. 

Meiko “Do you remember the promise you made to me?”

Promise? I can’t remember any promises...

Takeru “...”

What do I tell her? That I don’t? That I had completely forgotten ever making a promise?

She looked up from the ground and gave me a heartbreaking smile. 

Meiko “It’s okay. I figured you didn’t.”

She lets out a forced laugh. One filled with sadness. She’s trying her hardest not to show how upset she is but it’s a failed attempt.

I want to break this uncomfortable atmosphere. To do anything possible to make this feeling go away. Yet I can’t.

Meiko “Do you remember the last time we saw each other as kids?” 

A slow humming noise starts playing in my head and wince a little. 

The last time we talked….

I try to think back that far but everything was fuzzy. It was like all my mind could conceive was white noise.

Ever since I was assigned to that mental ward my past has been a blur, many major events merge into one and some are forgotten entirely.

Meiko “You really don’t remember?” 

A weak smile came across her face. I felt a sharp twinge of pain in my head as old buried memories started to come back to me.
The sun had become hidden under a sea of clouds. The air was cold and bitter. The smell of rain was present in the air, giving it a heavy feeling.

In front of me stood a familiar site. A younger Meiko. She was looking down at the ground just like she is now. 

Behind her was a large tree. We used to always go there as kids…

Meiko “Promise me…”

I remember those softly spoken words. I remember them like they had just happened…

Takeru “I...I can’t.”

Meiko “Promise me!!!” 

The younger Meiko for the first time in as long as I had knew her, had just shouted at me. I remember the feeling of shock and surprise.

I remember the sound of thunder echoing across the sky, as rain began to fall.

I remember the cold rain pouring down on me.

But that’s all I remember.

Meiko stared at me, I could see tears forming at her eyes. 

Meiko “It doesn’t matter.”

Meiko “You know…”

The air seems to grow still as she looked down at me. Her eyes locked onto mine. 

Takeru “I…”

What do I even say? 

Takeru “...”

My voice doesn’t work. 

Time fell to a pause around me. The light of the moon shined down on Meiko, casting her in a brilliant white light. Her eyes cut into me like a hot knife. 

Meiko ”You entirely disappeared from my life.”

Meiko “And now, here you are. Suddenly back in life as if everything had just been on pause!”

I can hear the sadness and pain in her voice. I want to comfort her but how can I? I was the one who caused her so much pain to begin with…

Meiko “You...you really did forget everything...didn’t you?” 

I feel my hands curl up into fists. I had...she was right. I only briefly remember being friends as kids. Any of the minor memories had completely vanished. 

She looked down at me with her heavy glare. Part anger, part sympathy.

I want to crawl into a ball and escape. To just run so deep into my mind that I never have to come back out.

Meiko “I tried to forget the past. To forget you abandoning me like that. I tried so very hard!”

Her words become strained as she continues to speak.

Meiko “I tried so hard to continue where we left off! I-I just wanted to forget it all!” 

Meiko “But every time we talked! Every time we hung out or did anything! Those….those awful memories came back!” 

I grip the grass tightly and let out a deep breath. She’s right…

Standing back up I looked directly at Meiko. 

Meiko “Why did you leave me?...”

Her voice was barely audible as she spoke those last words.

Those words echoed around in my head.

I suddenly felt sick and my head began to hurt even more.

I wanted to say so many things. To say anything to make this right. Yet nothing would come to my mind.

The only thing in my head I could make sense of...

Was her question...

Takeru “I’m sorry…”

A pathetic statement.

One that barely even attempted to really make amends.

Just a blanket statement admitting I really didn't know what to say...

I felt pathetic...

Hell, I was pathetic.

I wanted to say more but my voice no longer wanted to work. 

Nothing did.

Instead, I sat there. 

I sat there and did nothing.

The truth is, I have no answer for her question. I’m not sure of it myself.

I glance away from her and stare down at the grass. I don’t want her to see me like this. 

Takeru “I ran off to follow my dreams and left you behind to suffer…”

Meiko stays quiet. 

Takeru “I’m sorry.” 

I am. No matter how you look at it I failed her. I left her to suffer for my own selfish reasons. I took her for granted…

Meiko “Stop.” 

I suddenly glance back up to her..  

Takeru "Mei-" 

Before I could even finish uttering out her name she interrupted me.

Meiko "Enough."

She looked down at the grass and let out a deep breath.

Meiko "I've heard enough."" 

Those words were spoken with pure ice behind them. My chest felt numb.

It was as if she had just plunged a knife already through my heart. 

Takeru "..."

With that she turned her back to me, and in an a matter of moments, she was nothing more then a small figure in the distance. 

Leaving me alone.

With nothing more then my pained heart and my scattered thoughts, to keep me company.




















































