Takeru: “Uh... What time is it again.”
Either it was way too early or I had slept past my alarm, though the latter is unlikely, considering my room-mate's habits. 
Takeru: “What the!?”

Fear, in itself is a natural reaction to unnatural settings. 
We react with fear when taken out of our comfort zones. Which is probably one of the major reasons behind my 'episode' from some time back.
Well, that's one kind of 'fear', the other one being something more closer to a phobia, where a certain thing causes a certain reaction.
Kinda like Hagami's case? Yeah, but there's also phobias of more universal range, probably explained only by nature. For an example, we fear skulls, since they're a sign of death, even if skulls themselves are fairly harmless and natural. 
Why am I contemplating all this now?
Probably because there's something downright scary about this whole situation.
I've confirmed I'm still in my room. But why is it filled with bones, skulls of all kinds, skeletons, jars of weird liquids,  and other things I don't want to try naming.
That over there seems to be a... wolf's head? And I don't want to know what that machine over there is supposed to being doing, but it looks half medieval and half something you'd find in some old western horror film.
And then, he appears. It had to be him behind all this, right?

Takeru: “Kenta, the heck's with this?”
Takeru: “For a moment there, I thought I woke up somewhere else. Why does our room look like the insides of Frankenstein's castle?”
Kenta: “Ah, good timing. I was just about to wake you up, too.”
Kenta: “I'm helping a friend in another class with their project for the school festival.”
Takeru: “So, a haunted house, then?”
Kenta: “Spot on, but I thought ghosts and such would end up seeming sort of ordinary, so I went with a 'mad science' theme instead.”
Kenta: “But anyway, great that you're here.”
This early in the morning, I don't know where else I possibly could be.
Kenta: “There was no way I was going to be able to haul all of this to the school in time.”
Takeru: “And so, you're expecting my help.”
Kenta: “Well, frankly, I am in a bit of bind otherwise.”
Clearly, he didn't think that far. Then again, it's just like him to get completely absorbed in one thing, and only think about the consequences much later, if at all. 
But between performing manual labour this early in the morning or having my room remain like this, I guess I'd still choose the former.
I rinse my face with plenty of cold water (I definitely feel awake, but the nightmare awaiting in my dorm room definitely hasn't gone anywhere...) and throw on my school uniform.
(transition goes here)
Kenta: “If you can help me with this prop, I think I can get rest of this stuff moved by myself, at least within today.”
He says, as he points towards what looks like the combination of an electric chair, a bed and some other machine for which can't even think a name for.
It's made out of several separate pieces, mostly out of wood and cardboard, so while the piece themselves hardly feel that heavy, I imagine it's still going to be a challenge to carry this whole thing to the school.
I grab one of the bigger parts from what looks like a relatively safe spot for holding the thing up and brace myself mentally. 
Meanwhile, Kenta grabs the other half of the prop piece, and looks back at me with way too much enthusiasm behind his expression.
The things I've had to through since... Better not think about it, I guess.
Kenta: “Okay, on three.”
Luckily, the prop is even lighter than I first expected.  
Kenta: “And we're off.”
Kenta takes the lead while I focus on holding the prop up. It barely fits through the door, but at least Kenta seems to have a pretty good idea of what he's doing at the front.  
Takeru: “Aren't this sort of things usually assembled on the site, rather than in someone's own room?”
Kenta: “For the most part, it was, but then we brought it here for some finishing touches by yours truly.”
Takeru: “I see... I take it you had some friends working on this as well. But where are they now?”
Kenta: “Ah well... None of my friends are nocturnal. And there's stuff like the dorm curfew to worry about, too.” 
So he says... But just when did they bring all this stuff in, though?
And still, none of the people involved thought it would a problem to move this thing back to the school. Don't tell me, all of them are operating on the same mindset as this guy?

Finally, we're outside. At this point, my fingers are already starting to hurt for a bit, but I've got still got a little more in me, I think.

Takeru: “Where the heck did you get the money for all this stuff?”
Kenta: “My friend's class lent it to me. It's only a part of their budget, anyway.”
Apparently, his eye for detail is something recognized by a larger group of people here.  
Finally, we make it to the school. A guy from another, whose armband identifies him as a member of the student council exchanges a quick nod with Kenta before opening the door and leads us an empty classroom.
Student council member: “Alright. You can leave it in here for now.”
Kenta: “Cool. That's the main part of the reanimation device. I'll be bringing in the other stuff little by little.”
Takeru: “Right... You sure you don't need me any more? Because I don't want my room looking like the set of a horror film for the rest of the week.” 
Kenta: “No worries. Me and my pals will figure something out later today.”
Oh well. They brought in all that stuff to begin with, so they should be responsible for taking it back too. But in that case, why did he need my help to begin with?

Kenta and his accomplice hurry off and I'm left alone, standing in the empty corridor.
It's still too early, the classes won't be starting for another half an hour, but at the same time, there's not much sense in going back either.

Might as well as see what she's up to... It's not like she has a reason to turn down company, right?
I think back to that empty classroom and the solemn expression on her face. 
What would feel like to be alone there, for days- for weeks and months, even?
I don't suppose ghosts sleep either... 
For a passing second, I feel like I should ask her about it, but then I realize that it would be sort of tactless at the same time. It's not like she needs to be reminded of her loneliness, anyway.
I make my way to the old side of the school, and back to that classroom. 
The first I wandered here, I was just lost. Well, if someone really stopped me here and asked what I doing, I'm not sure I'd be able to give them proper explanation...
I knock at the door, before stepping in.
Takeru: “Hikari?”
Hikari: “Yahho.”
She turns away from the window, as I step in, raising her hand. Her greeting is nonchalant yet trusting, pretty much polar opposite for her choice of words. 
Takeru: “What's with that greeting?”
Hikari: “Think I heard it somewhere, just wanted to try it out.”
Hikari: “We have to keep trying new things, or otherwise our relationship will just become stale.”
Takeru: “Now you're making it sound like we've already known each other for years...”
Hikari: “Well, we have a pretty special relationship, don't you think?”
Takeru: “And so, a new greeting?”
Hikari: “Now you're just being mean.”
That... might be true.
Takeru: “Hey, this is kinda out of the blue, but... do you.... Uh.... Feel lonely here?”
Takeru: “I mean, after everyone else has gone home?”
Honestly, I am bit worried about her... 
I don't want to treat her like some oddity either, so I can't outright ask if she sleeps at nights. After all, she's still a girl before she's a ghost.
Hikari: “I do feel less lonely as of now, since before I met you.”
Hikari: “And I don't think I'm “here” all the time, either.”
Hikari: “It's hard to describe, but I feel like I'm watching a dream, even now.”
Hikari: “And just like dreaming, there's times when I don't see or feel much of anything.”
Hikari: “Sometimes, it's just hours. Sometimes, weeks pass by without me even realizing what month it is.”
Hikari: “Ah well... Now that I've gone and said it, I realize it doesn't sound that reassuring.”
Takeru: “Then, are you scared you might no longer be “here” some day?”
Hikari: That... Not really. I can sort of feel there's still something that's keeping me here, for one reason or the other.”
Hikari: “Anyhow... If you could make some tea?  There's still some time before class starts and it's not like talking of things like this is going to brighten our day.”
Takeru: “Heh. As you wish.” 
