label Day2Walk:

    "Thump!"
    "I can feel it on my head again."
    "It's the same as yesterday."
    "Thump!"
    "Alright, alright I'm up, stop that already!"
    "I swing my body upright to make sure Kenta knows I'm definitely awake."
    k"Good morning."
    "I quickly glance at my bedside table just to realise I slept for way longer than I should've."
    "I mentally kick myself for not remembering to set an alarm."
    "In a drowsy half-slumber I get the sheets off of me so I can start getting ready."
    "Just starting to feel conscious now I finally take in the entire room around me."
    "It still doesn't feel like a home that I can call my own."
    "But now that I think about it, it's not like there's a place like that for me anywhere."
    "At least not anymore."
    "I'll just have to accept this and move on, there's nothing else I can do."
    "In a way it's the closest place I have to being a home at the moment."
    "I live here and most of my close belongings are here too."
    "I spend a few minutes getting dressed and packing my bag."
    "I suppose I've still got plenty of time for breakfast so I won't skip it today."

    "Again, Kenta and I walk together to school, though we aren't late like last time."

    "As we walk I see a girl, just standing by herself in the middle of the street."
    "It's hard to tell from this distance but it looks like she has a piece of paper out."
    "And she's searching the surrounding area for something."
    "Maybe it's a photo?"
    "Actually, she's wearing our uniform too."
    "I'm a little interested, I wonder what she's doing."
    "I catch myself staring at her when I feel someone poking my shoulder."

    a"Hmm?"
    k"You seemed to have spaced out so I tried to push the un-space out button."
    "He doesn't mean my shoulder does he?"
    "..."
    a"Kenta, do you see that girl just over there?"
    with dissolve

    k"Oh, she looks like someone from our school."
    k"I don't recognise her."
    k"She might be a second year?"
    a"Yeah maybe, but she looks confused about something don't you think?"
    k"Why don't you go over and help her?"
    a"Huh? Oh me?"
    k"Who else?"
    a"I thought it'd be better if you went..."
    "I hate to admit it but going up to a girl I don't know alone in the street isn't something I'm the most comfortable with."
    "She might get the wrong idea."
    "Though now that I think about it, it might be even worse with Kenta..."
    k"Whatever, come on you have to man up."
    k"I'll be right behind you if you're worried about looking like a creep."
    a"Did you just call me a creep? Do I look like one?"

    with dissolve

    show KSReg at right
    with dissolve

    c"Excuse me, you look like you're in the same school as me..."
    "Just as I was bickering with Kenta the strange girl initiates the conversation instead."
    "We were so preoccupied we didn't even notice her coming toward us."
    "The girl was obviously referring to the school emblem we both had on our uniform."
    k"Oh. Yeah that's right we're wearing the same uniform."
    a"Did you need something?"
    c"Yeah I do actually. I'm new to the school, I've just transferred but I'm having trouble with finding it."
    c"I've made it this far by reading this map."
    c"But as you can probably tell I'm not too good at reading maps."
    "She's definitely right, after checking her map she's not even on the route the map shows her to go."
    "Both Kenta and I look over the map but neither of us respond to the girl for what has become an uncomfortable amount of time."
    a"Don't worry about it, we're heading there right now so you can come with us."
    "Even though I'm new, I still know enough of the way to school."
    "Eventually I decide we should help her. I wish Kenta had spoken up sooner, but I guess this situation is up to me."
    c"Thank you! I don't know what I would've done if you two hadn't come along!"
    a"That's fine, it's not like you're putting us out of our way or anything."
    c"Can I ask what your names' are? I'm Kunikada Setsuko."
    a"Ichiro Takeru."
    k"Satou Kenta."

    "For the rest of the walk she trails slightly behind us without speaking, she doesn't seem all that shy though."
    "It seems weird to me but it's not like a mind at all."

    "As I notice a few students, though I recognise none, I remember the girl who I saw around here the other day."
    "I still can't remember her name, or who she exactly is."
    "She looked like a student from our school so I'm sure I'll see her again, at least once."
    "In any case I don't end up seeing her this morning on the way to school."



    "I get to class a little early today, trying to counteract my tardiness of yesterday."
    "Natsumi walks in just as the bell rings and smiles at me as she sits at her desk."
    "It's not long before homeroom starts as the teacher begins to prepare his morning announcements."
    "The class rep, who I still don't know the name of, stands and addresses the class before the teacher begins."
    jump SetsuInt
