label MeikoBump 

    "Where should I sit for lunch?"
    "Maybe I should eat lunch with Mana and Hagami?"
    "I did agree to visiting again sometime."
    "It's not like there are many other options anyway."
    "I head in the clubroom's direction while weaving my way through the mass of hungry students heading to the cafeteria in the opposite direction."
    "Turning around the corner something hits me with running speed."
    "I can't help but fall backwards, landing hard on the floor."
    a"Owwwwww"
    "Paper fills my vision. There's a lot of it. Floating in the air. On the floor."
    "Crap, I've run into someone."
    "At my feet is a girl frantically grabbing the papers that are all over the floor. She must have been in a hurry."
    a"Are you all right?"
    b"Yes! I'm fine!"
    "She continues to grab papers like her life depends on it."
    "I begin grabbing papers out of the air. Judging by what's on them the order was important. I've created a lot of hassle by not looking where I was going."
    "I squat down to hand my collected paper back to her."
    b"Thanks for the help."
    b"And sorry for run-"
    "We make eye contact."
    "She looks up at me with a widened gaze as he mouth opens slightly."
    b"I-Ichiro? Is that you?"
    "It's the girl from earlier."
    "And I know who she is now."
    "Memories begin to flood back as I recall who it is in front of me."
    "Kotaru Meiko."
    "My childhood friend for eight years."
    "Though I haven't spoken to her in a long time..."
    "My fresh start looks almost impossible now."
    "Damn."
    "Five years of walking to school with her. She's knows almost everything about me."
    "Damn."
    "Same primary school, but I haven't really spoken to her since she left my middle school."
    "Damn."
    "I've been staring at her for a while now. I don't really know where to start."
    "I haven't seen her since she was little, so it's a little hard to tell.
    "But I can still see it's her... Despite her developments."
    "She grabs the papers from me and rockets upright."
    "Her hands go to her hair."
    b"I don't have time for this right now! Aargh!"
    "She turns away from me for a moment."
    "When she turns back her eyes are intense."
    b"Takeru! It's great to see you again! We have a whole bunch of catching up to do! Take these."
    "She thrusts the paper's towards me. I'm not ready for this and they slam into my chest. I wrap my arms around them as she lets go, saving us from picking them up all over again."
    b"I need you to take these to the student council room. Right now! At once! A.S.A.P.!
    "She nods to herself and bolts off."
    a"Meiko! I- what?"
    "She's gone."
    "I don't know where to find the student council room."
    "Back to square one."

    "She seemed like she was in a big hurry when she bumped into me."
    "So these papers must be important, a high priority."
    "Well I wasn't really doing much else this lunch anyways."
    "She certainly didn't leave any time for a formal request though."
    "I sigh but ultimately walk with the papers in a random direction."
