label Day1Walk:
    "The mountains ahead burst with light as the sun rises behind them."
    "The sight blinds me. I haven't seen the sun rising over mountains for a long time."

    with fade
    show Street
    show tired
    "I wipe my eyes and rub the sleep away while my eyes attempt to adjust to the brightness."
    "Just like the school, this place is called Mirako."
    "It's located in a peaceful environment, locked away far from anywhere else in the lush green forested mountains."
    "I wouldn't be able to escape the sight of nature if I tried."
    "The fresh air is even colder outside, but it's refreshing to breathe in. It's different to the air I've become accustomed to."
    "Which way to school...? My memory struggles to remember where exactly I should be going."
    "I went over a map briefly last night but, of course, I left it back at the dormitory."
    "I'm sure it can't be too far away considering I live at a dormitory but that doesn't help all that much."
    "So the only option that leaves is Kenta, who is conveniently walking right next to me."
    "I have a strange feeling that he might not be leading me to school, but I have no idea where else we could be going."
    "With my limited knowledge of this town's geography I have no idea where we are right now."
    a"Hey Kenta, we are heading toward school, aren't we?"
    k"Of course."
    a"Sorry, I was just wondering. I thought more students would be going to school around at this time too."
    k"Not at this time, no."
    a"Hmm? Why's that?"
    k"We're late."
    "He says it in such a carefree way that I can't help but feel a little mad about what's happened this morning."
    "Kenta must be someone who doesn't care an awful lot about their attendance record."
    "Although I wouldn't necessarily say that I'm someone who does either."
    "It annoys me because it is mostly my fault for not getting up early enough."
    k"If you don't want to be late again I'll wake you up earlier next time, if you'd like."
    "The picture of a bruised, purple forehead fills my mind."
    a"No, no, Kenta, that's alright. I'll just set my alarm and everything will be fine."
    a"You shouldn't need to worry about waking me up."
    "Kenta just nods his head as we continue our steady pace through the empty street."
    "I’m reassured by his nod but I don’t entirely trust that he agrees with my request completely."
    "At least the walk gives me a chance to sort through my conflicting feelings."
    "I’m a little anxious about this new start."
    "I'm wondering what sort of students would attend that sort of school."
    "There's no telling what they might be like."
    "If the school is as I'm told, there will be plenty of people like me."
    "Though some are bound to be better off... or worse."
    "But that doesn't give me any indication as to whether or not I'll enjoy my time there."
    "If it's anything like the hospital... I don't know what I'll do."

    with dissolve
    "As I'm wondering aimlessly, my eyes are drawn to the only other person in the street apart from Kenta and I."
    "Across the road there's a girl in a school uniform."
    centered"{color=#f00}You know her, don't you?{/color}"
    "She looks familiar. I'm sure I know her from somewhere."
    "Being this late, there shouldn't be many people around."
    "But despite that, she's standing there."
    "Alone, waiting to cross the road."
    "My vision quickly sharpens as I move closer to the girl."
    "She has straight brown hair hanging down just past her shoulders and calm green eyes... She looks around my age... I know I recognise her. I just can't quite put my finger on who exactly she is."
    "A part of me hopes I don't know her. This place was meant to be a new start for me."
    "A place where I can forget about the past."
    "I try to stay away in a hope to avoid catching her attention."
    "She doesn't seem to notice me as her gaze stays focussed on whatever lies ahead."

    k"Huh, so you've got your eyes on her then?"
    "Kenta waves his hand in front of my face to try to grab my attention."
    a"Oh ---uhh no, she just... uh..."
    k"Go ahead. Be honest."
    a"No, I just think I know her from somewhere, I can't remember, though."
    a"Do you know her name?"
    k"You sure you aren’t interested in her?"
    a"No! Come on, I told you... she just looks familiar..."
    k"Alright, alright. I don't know her by name but I know she's a member of the student council."
    a"Hmm... Know anything else?"
    k"I'm not gonna lie, I really don't know all that much about a lot of the people at our school, I just happened to see that girl walking into the student council room recently."
    k"But apart from that, I've got nothing else to tell you about her."
    "That doesn't help me at all. I still have no idea who she is."
    "I guess her name will come to me eventually if I really do know her."
    k"You should go talk to her if you want to find out."
    show shade
    centered"{color=#f00}You can't do that.{/color}"
    hide shade
    a"Uhh no that's alright, I'm probably just mistaking her for someone else."
    "The girl strolls away from us as she disappears from vision."

    hide Street
    jump Day1Hikari
