label Day2Hikari:
    "After around ten minutes of searching aimlessly I still have no idea where the student council room could be."
    "I've narrowed it down though."
    "It's somewhere within the school boundaries..."
    "That really doesn't help though does it?"
    "My stomach rumbles as I begin to realise I still haven't eaten anything yet."
    "Five minutes to eat something can't hurt my search too much..."
    "I find a quiet spot in the courtyard, surrounded by the school's natural greenery."
    "It's a nice spot, but for whatever reason not many people are sitting around here."
    "Halfway through eating the sandwich I prepared this morning, I notice a girl walking past me."
    "Wait is that Hikari?"
    "I stand up to go ask her about the student council room."
    "But the moment I stand she's already gone."
    "Where could she have gone?"
    "After a moment of thought an idea comes to me."
    "That empty room with the tea set!"
    "I'd never admit it but she scares me a little."
    "It could just be how cold she seemed, but something tells me that there's more to it than that."
    "But she helped me last time I was lost, I'm sure she can do it again."
    "Suppressing a slight shiver, I run off."

    "I have no idea how lunch ended up this way, but before I know it I'm standing in front of the old door."
    "My hand trembles a little as I push the door open."
    "I sheepishly make my way into the dark room."
    "The exact same scene as last time presents itself."
    "I take a moment to scan the chairs for Hikari."
    "I triple check the chair that she was sitting in last time."
    "But nobody is there."
    "In the end I was wrong to think she'd be here."
    "After all, there's no way she'd be here 24/7."
    "I'm not giving up just yet though."
    "Once again I go over to open the curtains."
    "Light floods into every corner of the room."
    "I give a start when a silver strand comes into the edge of my vision."
    "It's Hikari, and she's in the exact same spot as last time."
    "The spot that I was sure was empty a minute ago.
    "Something stirs in my chest."
    "It feels somewhat akin to fear."
    "Maybe it has something to do with the scarred tissue across the left side of her face."
    "As much as I try to ignore it, it feels like I'm just taking a part of her and shoving it under the rug."
    "It makes me feel pretty guilty, even when I haven't really done anything to hurt her."
    a"Uh, hey, I didn't see you there."
    i"?!!?!?"
    "Her head snaps back and in instant her bulging violet irises are staring into mine."
    i"Wha-how, di-didn't we meet yesterday?"
    "I almost laugh out loud at the look of shock on her face but I manage to reign it in at the very last second."
    "I don't want her to think I'm insulting her."
    a"Yeah, Hikari was it?"
    "Mouth still half hanging open, she gives a small nod of affirmation."
    a"Sorry I startled you, are you ok?"
    i"Ye-Yes."
    "Her mouth is finally closed, but her eyes still hold a shocked, almost manic look."
    "But it's quelled after a few seconds."
    "Furthermore she seems to have somewhat recovered her stoic look from before."
    "Despite that I can still a glint in her eyes."
    "Is that...excitement?"
    i"He-hello Ichiro."
    a"Hey, may I sit down?"
    i"Please."
    "She gestures to the seat across from hers and leans back into her chair."
    "I can tell that she's desperately trying to hold back a torrent of questions."
    "But about what?"
    "This is nothing like the girl I met yesterday."
    "Instead of being cold and lethargic, she seems charged and ecstatic."
    "What had changed?"
    i"So are you going to answer my question are you just going to stare?"
    "Her voice has an almost playful, teasing tone to it."
    "It's...nice."
    a"O-oh, could you repeat the question?"
    i"Were you the one who came yesterday?"
    "The question strikes me as a little odd, seeing as the answer is quite obvious."
    "But I answer anyway."
    a"Yeah I was a little lost yesterday, thanks for helping me out by the way."
    "Her breath catches and her eyes go a little glassy."
    "After a few seconds I suddenly realise something."
    "She's not breathing."
    a"Hey, are you alright?!"
    i"Hm?"
    "She blinks a couple of times and stares back at me for a second."
    i"Oh, sorry."
    a"Sorry?! You stopped breathing! Are you ok?"
    i"Yeah, I'm completely fine."
    "I'm may not be the best person to ask about normality but I'm pretty sure what just happened wasn't normal."
    a"Does...does that happen often?"
    i"No, it's actually been a while since the last instance."
    a"I-I see."
    i"Yeah, you just surprised me is all."
    a"How did I do that?"
    "She seems to be uncomfortable with this question as I can see her stoic mask taking place again."
    a"You don't have to tell me right now if it makes you uncomfortable."
    "She visibly relaxes and even manages a small smile."
    i"Why did you come here, by the way?"
    a"Well I-"
    "Why did I come here again..?"
    "Oh that's right! I'd forgotten until now but I need to get these paper's to Meiko!"
    "I'd shoved them in my bag before heading here, maybe that wasn't the best idea."
    a"I needed help getting to the student council room."
    i"Oh, is that all?"
    "Using her own judgement, she notices I'm in a bit of a hurry and acts accordingly the same."
    "She immediately starts drawing arrows on a map."
    "Wait, where did that come from?"
    "It's like she pulled it out of nowhere."
    "She's really fast at this, in just a few seconds there is a decently detailed map laid out in front of me."
    a"Is that a map of the school?"
    "She gives a slight nod without looking up, still working on the final details."
    "She finishes up after just another minute of labelling, putting the pen away while urging me to take the detailed page."
    i"Here you go, this should be good enough."
    "The sounds of the bell ring out."
    "Damn, looks like I'll have to go there after school then."
    i"Here you go, just follow these directions."
    a"Wow, that's the second time you've saved me, how can I pay you back?"
    i"Well..."
    "She hesitates slightly."
    i"M-Maybe we can decide on something later?"
    i"Sorry, I just can't think of much right now..."
    "She looks away immediately."
    "But...was that a blush just then?"
    a"Sure thing, I've got plenty of time these days. I'll come around maybe sometime tomorrow."
    i"Ri-right!"
    "Even if she wouldn't admit, I can tell she's happy."
    a"Well, I gotta go to class now, bye!"
    "She seems at a loss for what to say as I walk off."
    i"Uh-uhm, I-I'll see you later!"
    "I pause in my step, and a small grin appears on my face."
    a"Yeah, you definitely will!"
    "I call back at her without turning my back."
    "I'm not sure why but Hikari doesn't stand to leave for class either."
    "This is the second time I've seen her and again she doesn't seem to have an intention in going to class."
    "I wonder why she bothers sticking around there all day, she must get bored a lot."
    "Maybe it has something to do with those scars of hers."
    "The people of this school don't seem to be that mean, but maybe Hikari is different somehow."
    "In any case something urges me to keep her company, if only because no one else does."
    "But for now I have to get back to class, and then I have to deliver these papers for..."
    "Meiko."
    jump Day2Meiko
