label Day2Meiko

    "Class passes by slowly and I almost fall asleep multiple times."
    "For some reason Hikari's map never leaves my hand."
    "I find myself reading it over constantly."
    "I could swear that Hikari drew the directions from her room to the student council room."
    "Yet the map in front of me is telling me how to get there from my classroom."
    "Since maps don't change on their own, I have to assume that Hikari had the foresight to put in this little detail."
    "I really have to thank her properly next time I see her."

    "Slowly the minute hand inches towards the mark and then-"
    "The bell rings and I'm out the door immediately after we say our farewells to the teacher."
    "With Hikari's map I'm at the student council room within five minutes."
    "Upon walking through the door the first thing I spot is a table packed with stacks of papers on top, and right next to it..."
    "Meiko is glaring at me, looking straight at the stack of papers in my hands."
    b"What the hell Takeru! I said immediately, not two hours later!"
    a"So-sorry, I didn't know how to get here and I had to ask for di-"
    b"Whatever, it's good that you're here, put that stack here, quickly!"
    "Shaking my head I drop it all on the only empty part of the desk."
    b"Phew, finally done for today."
    "She kneels down and closes her eyes, yawning."
    a"Uh, Meiko?"
    b"Huh? I'm awake, I'm awake."
    "She bolts upright and stands to attention, even though she's still bleary eyed."
    a"Uh..."
    a"Hi."
    "She blinks a couple of times, as if she doesn't recognise me."
    "Then she suddenly gasps."
    "At that moment I notice too, I haven't seen or even spoken to Meiko for years now."
    b"Takeru..."
    a"Yeah, it's been a while, Meiko."
    ab"Where did you go"
    "Both of us ask the same question, in turn Meiko's cheeks flush a little and there's no doubt mine are doing the same."
    "We both awkwardly laugh to ease the tension."
    "A few seconds pass and Meiko just darts her eyes to the side of me."
    "I don't think either of us want to answer that question."
    "It's like we've already made a silent agreement not to."
    b"So why are you back?"
    "The one question I didn't want to hear."
    "Why am I back here?"
    a"I ran into some issues... at my old school."
    "She deserves to know that much, but I can't bring myself to tell her anymore."
    b"Mhmm."
    "She accepts my answer without prying, and for that I'm thankful."
    "I guess that after all this time Meiko hasn't changed at all."
    a"So have you been doing much since I last saw you?"
    b"Well as you can probably tell, I'm part of the student council."
    b"Apart from that, I haven't done anything interesting."
    "I accept her answer for now, I know it's hard to recall every major event in your life for the past five years."
    "Mostly because I just tried to."
    b"Anyway, do you have something you want to ask about? I can show you around the school if you'd like, give you a bit of a tour?"
    a"Sure, actually that would be pretty helpful, the amount of times I've gotten lost these past two days would probably surprise you."
    b"Well then, it's my duty as a student council member to help you out."
    "Meiko reaffirms her position and puffs her chest out a little, it looks like she's proud of her position."
    "That makes me curious about where the other members are."
    "The room is empty apart from us two."
    a"Where is everyone else?"
    "Meiko looks around the room, though I'm sure she already knows we're the only ones here."
    b"They're probably all just slacking off, well not really though. The closest thing we have to prepare for right now is the school festival, and even that's in a while."
    b"So let's go, I've already finished up here for today."
    b"You don't have anything else this afternoon right?"
    a"Nope, not really."
    b"Great, then let the tour begin."
    "Meiko stands from her desk and walks straight out of the door, expecting me to follow."
    "Just being with her has a familiar nostalgic feel to it."

#Maybe expand all of this to be more detailed, actually show what happens instead of summarising
    b"Usually I'd take you to the student council first, but since that's off the list..."
    b"Have you been to the library yet?"
    a"Yeah I was there yesterday."
    b"Alright..."
    "She ponders for a moment while I wait patiently with nothing else to do."
    b"Oh I have an idea!"
    b"Ok, but first I'll have to give you a quick tour of everything else."
    "It's not long into our walk that I realise the "tour" that Meiko conducts really only consists of her pointing and naming faraway objects."
    "It helps to get a better vague sense, but apart from that theres not much else for me to say."
    "Eventually I notice the direction we are heading, a spot in the buildings and trees clear up and ahead of me is a large spacious field."
    "There are a few club activities going on across the field, though the one that catches my attention most..."
    "Is the baseball team."
    "I stare at the lone pitcher, sitting on top of his mound at the centre of the field."
    "He readies himself for another pitch, performing the movements as practice without actually releasing the ball."
    "After the third practice ghost throw, he steps into position for the real deal."
    "The wind up is well executed, his leg is raised, ready to carry the momentum of the pitch forward."
    "His arm begins to accelerate forward in an arc, his brain thinking when is the exact moment to release."
    "Though by now I can tell this must be muscle memory to him."
    "His movements are of no amateur level, but they are by no means professional."
    "The ball is released with hastened speed as the pitcher finally locks into his final position, watching for the balls inevitable fate."
    "The ball moves with the same speed, continuing to cut gracefully through the air."
    "All with in half a second my eyes dart over the the batter."
    "It's all over within such a short time I can only just keep up with following the ball."
    "The distinct sound of leather hitting metal breaks through the air to everyone around, whether they were spectating or not."
    "The fielders sat prepared for just a few seconds before realising what had happened."
    "There's no telling where that ball went, but I know they won't be finding it for a long while."
    "It was easily a home run, on the first pitch too."
    "My heart pounds a little in excitement, it always does in a moment like this."
    "The pitch wasn't bad either, it was just a great hit."
    "A couple of the other members lined up to bat start to cheer, and it's not long before some of the fielders begin to join in."
    "Despite it not being an official match the batter still makes their run around the field, probably just for fun."
    "I notice the few sections of red flowing hair escaping the helmet, and actually now that they're closer I can see, it's actually a girl."
    "Actually, it's Haruki."
    "I remember now, she said she was on the baseball team yesterday..."
    b"Pretty cool huh?"
    a"She's good."
    b"I thought it'd be a good idea to take you here to see the baseball club in action."
    b"I remember you used to play baseball didn't you?"
    a"...yeah, I did."
    "I can tell she wants to know more about what happened over the time we were apart but I don't really want to answer any more of her questions.
    "Although I'm not really sure if I can just tell her to stop."
    b"Oh, so you don't anymore?"
    "..."
    "I don't have a response."
    "The atmosphere just a moment ago was a lot more lively."
    "But each of her questions cut into me a little deeper."
    "I can't help but feel guilty because I know I caused it."
    "But still, I don't have any answers."
    b"Well if you want to, you can join whenever you like, they're always telling me they're looking for new members."
    "I nod without saying another word."
    "We sit together for a while longer on the grassy hill next to the field, just watching the baseball practice."
    "Eventually the atmosphere returns to normal between us."
    "The sun's presence begins to fade as the sky above turns to a comforting shade of orange."
    "Each hit on the baseball returns a rush of nostalgia over me."
    "Though that's what concerns me."
    "My mind begins to trail off as conversation dies down between me and Meiko."
    "I wonder why she's still here sitting with me, maybe she has other stuff to do, maybe she doesn't."
    "Maybe it's because there hasn't been an opportunity like this in years."
    "But that's what's harmful about nostalgia."
    "It's affection for the past, not the present."
    "My emotions might be able to flow backwards but time definitely can't."
    "I let out a sigh as I lean back against the hill."
    "Even though I feel this way, this is probably the most relaxing afternoon I've had in a long time."
    jump Day3
