label GhostHikari:
    "I make it back to the dormitory with the only thing on my mind being Hikari."

    "I toss and turn in my bed, just trying to get to sleep."
    "But no matter what I do, Hikari refuses to leave my head."
    "A couple of times I almost managed to convince myself that Meiko was talking about someone else."
    "But that that never lasted more than a few seconds."
    "The idea that she could actually be a ghost?"
    "There's no way that could be true, ghosts aren't real."
    "But the more I look at what's been happening the more I can't find any other answer."
    "The story all fits, unless for some other reason there is another girl named Hikari with burn scars, staying in solitary confinement in that room."
    "It's 2 in the morning and I know I'm not getting any sleep tonight."
    "I have to know the truth."
    "I need to know."

    "I somehow manage to slip out without Kenta waking up."
    "For the first time since getting here I break into an all out sprint."
    "It's a full moon today, and my path is illuminated before me."
    "The streets are completely empty and for some reason that soothes me."
    "It's incredibly peaceful at this time of night, though the tranquility of 2am doesn't phase me at all right now."
    "I'm too focussed on my goal to pay any attention to anything else."
    "The world flies by in a blur as I reach my destination in record time."
    "I only begin to slow down when I notice the gates are locked."
    "In hindsight, I probably should have been prepared for this."
    "The only thing I have on me is a torch."
    "How can I get past those gates with that?"
    "The wind suddenly starts howling at my back."
    "It's almost like it's telling me to..."
    "Would that even be possible?"
    "The gate looks like it's easily two metres high."
    "Normally I wouldn't even consider this as an option, but right now I'm pretty desperate."
    "I guess it's do or die."
    a"Hup!"
    "It almost looks promising for a second as I sail upwards."
    "Almost."
    a"Oof!"
    "I land with my back lying flat on the dirt."
    "Thank god nobody was around to see that."
    "With a little bit of effort I'm on my feet again."
    "Luckily I didn't break anything."
    "As I brush off the dirt a warmth reaches my hand from within my side pocket."
    "After a few seconds of processing I realise what it is."
    "It's Hikari's map, I left in here from before."
    "For some reason it's warm to touch despite only having my body temperature to heat it."
    "I shine the torch on it to get a better look."
    "A new route has appeared on the map..."
    "No longer are the arrows leading form my classroom to the student council room."
    "They're showing a path, a way to enter the school!"
    "I'd be more shocked by the strange autonomous aspects of this map if I wasn't expecting to be meeting with a ghost in just a few moments."
    "If someone had asked me about all of this just this morning I'd probably tell them there's no way something like this would happen."
    "But it is."
    "Following the map I make my way around the school boundary, eventually reaching a small man-sized hole in the fencing."
    "I have to get down to a crawl but just manage to make it through."

    "The school is quite eerie at night time."
    "School's always feel so strange when nobody else is around."
    "I'd say it's a little like looking at an ocean with no water."
    "Students and school go together like water and ocean."
    "I'm the one standing in the empty ocean."
    "I forcibly suppress a shiver as I walk towards the old building that Hikari occupies."
    "Every nerve stands on edge as I arrive at the door."
    "Should I really even be here?"
    "No, there's no way I can back out now."
    "With one final, deep breath, I push it open."
    "To reveal an empty table and tea se-"
    "Oh right."
    "Impatiently I stride across the room and thrown open the curtains once again."
    "Through the moon light I can once again see Hikari at her table."
    "Thankfully she's still here."
    "Her presence here only reaffirms the question of her mortality."
    "She appeared right in front of my eyes."
    "But this time she has a sorrowful smile on her face as she returns my gaze."
    i"Welcome Takeru."

    "We sit at the table in silence."
    "I don't know if it's because we both understand what's going on, or if it's because we don't know what else to say."
    "But neither of us open our mouths."
    "For some reason I'm not panicking like I thought I would when I found out."
    "Perhaps the shock just hasn't gotten to me yet."
    "Meanwhile Hikari has her head resting on her arms on the table, facing me."
    "Her eyes look as if they're clouded with some unseen pain."
    "After a few minutes like this I can no longer stand it."
    a"So how did you return?"
    "Something akin to a sob catches in her throat as she answers."
    i"I don't know."
    "Her voice is so quiet I barely catch it."
    "It's obvious that this is a painful topic for her."

    #"What do I do?"

    #(Maybe insert a choice here)

    a"You don't have to talk about any of this if you don't want to."
    i"No, I should explain."
    i"You're the only person in the past year who I've been able to speak to on more than one occasion."
    i"Sometimes a student will notice me if I roam the school, whether I acknowledge them back or not it always ends the same."
    i"They always forget about my existence the day after."
    "Her tone is pained as she speaks the last sentence."
    "I wonder if I'll also forget this conversation..."
    "I know she's worried about that too."
    "But from what it sounds like I may be the exception."
    "For what reason, I have no clue."
    "Hikari is crying in front of me."
    "Her eyes are slowly filling with tears while we sit here in the moonlit room."
    "But she doesn't look so depressed anymore."
    "Maybe because this is the first time as a ghost she's been able to share a moment with someone else."
    "With that idea I reach over to her shoulder."
    "My hand passes straight through."
    "Upon misjudging the surface my hand instantly retracts."
    "I forgot she was a ghost..."
    a"Uhm, uh, sorry, I didn't mean to, uh..."
    "My tongue refuses to cooperate as I try to apologise."
    "Surprisingly she doesn't break down and rush out the door."
    "Instead she starts giggling."
    a"Huh?"
    i"Oh sorry, it's just, your face when you did that... hahahaha."
    "Despite how ridiculous it sounds, I could swear that the room lit up at that moment."
    "Hikari huh..."
    "I think I can see why she's called that now."
    "TL Note: Hikari means light."
    "I realise this is the first time I've actually tried to touch her."
    "For whatever reason it never even crossed my mind that she couldn't feel."
    "It's at this moment I finally realise what it must be like to be Hikari, and the reality of her situation slowly sinks in..."
    jump Day3
